HAIVAIIl 1.JNVER!ny ~ATfSCHool Of EOUCAq AlOHROE C. GUT/MN U8RAU 1-1 v~:( 35(J . v 7 V,l5di.z /113 A hearing child's first words and broken sentences are rightly hailed with delight, and every encouragement given to incite to further effort. Shall we not be equally responsive to the attempts of the little (deaf) ones whose dependence for the perfection of speech is al.most entirely upon our faithful, untiring, loving watchfulness? SARAH FULLER, THE VOLTA REVIEW, April, 1913. The adoption of earlier education for deaf children will become more general, and in doing so it will not only improve the infanta affected, but its lessons will be of advantage to the deaf at any age. The movement, conceived in scientific truth, is destined to illume all the educational highways and byways that must be traversed by the deaf child from infancy to adolescence, and its final justifi.cation will be apparent in the improved intelligence, the increased degree of 1normality1, and in a more intimate relationship with the great hearing and speaking world in the adult. A.j.STORY, THE VOLTA REVIEW, April, 1913. Eighteenth Century-Sir Joshua  Reynolds  with  his  Twentieth Century-Lip-readers employing their "Subtile Art''  car-trumpet  TH!> DEAF  IN  SOCIETY  ©ctB284420 THE VOLTA REVIEW 
An International journal Devoted to the Deaf in ~chool and Home Published by the Volta Bureau for the Increase and Diffusion of Knowledge 
Relatiug to the Deaf, 35th Street and Volta Place, 1Vashington, D. C. 
Copyright, 1913, by The Volta Review Volume 15 MAY, 1913 Number 2 THE HOME SCHOOL FOR LITTLE DEAF CHILDREN, 
KENSINGTON, MARYLAND 
BY ANNA C. REINHARDT, PRINCIPAL I N THE town of Kensington, Md., nine miles from the city of \1\Tashington, is a little school which is being conducted much as a refined home, with the excep.tion of regular school hours in the home. There are in this little school ten children who cannot hear; the youngest is four and the oldest ten years of age. These little ones are so happy that their faces are a constant inspiration to the teachers who live their lives with them. They came from time to time within the past four years (for the school is only four years old), without speech and, in consequence, without being able to understand what was expected of them. Aleck, who is now seven, and an in.cessant chatterbox, was the first baby. He was a little more than three years old when he entered. The grandmother, who brought him from his home in Canada and who left him with tears in her eyes, must have been surprised when the first letter reached her saying he had not had a single homesick moment. With Kenneth matters were a little more difficult. His parents had come to Washington to live, that they might be near him. Realizing this, he was in a constant state of expectancy, and. during those first days, with the twilight hour came Kenneth's tears. Milford, who was older than either of these, was soon busy and happy exploring his new surroundings. The fair-haired Barbara, who, like Aleck. was also less than three years old. was a bundle of live wires and, though happy all day, her nights were troublesome. This was so in her own home, which was not strange, since the illness that left her without hearing was not long past. CL.\SS-ROOi.\1 METHODS \Vith these four precious ones the first class was begun, and the joy of it all can never be told. Such happiness, when.ever a new word was mastered and when short sentences began to be understood ! In the class-room were dolls, balls, col.ored blocks, ten-pins, and all sorts of things to interest and amuse. During a game of ball the teacher was constantly repeating to one child or another and sometimes to them all, "Ball," "Ball," "Ball"; when they were familiar with this word, she began saying, "Roll the ball," "Throw the ball," "Catch the ball." When they were learning that they had eyes. a nose, a mouth, ears. etc., a doll was fre.quently used as an object, and the teacher would say, "Show me your eyes," "Show me the doll's eyes," and so on down the list. Later the verbs-run, jump, skip, walk. and so on-were taught, the teacher al.ways suiting the action to the word. Soon the little ones learned to imitate ; nor was the doll excused from these exercises. It was taken in turn by each child and taught to obey the commands. áwhen the counting lessons began, ev.erything in and around the school-rooms had to be counted-books, vases, pic-THE VOLTA REVmW 0,_ THE VOLTA REVIEW STORY tures, people and so on. The child who counted fairly well to five was given five blocks with which to build a train, a tower, or what-not. These were happy days, and any sort of homesickness was a thing of the past; Barbara's nightmares had vanished and Kenneth's tears came only when things were not managed exactly his way. Bread, butter, milk, meat, and the names of all things used at the table were taught at meals, and soon the time came when the children began to ask in sen.tences for what they wanted, and to say, "No, thank you," or "Yes, thank you," when anything was offered. The ten children are in the hands of three teachers. At meals they discuss the events of the day-which child received mail, what news the letters contained, who went to town, what for, what he saw, and what time he returned. HOLIDAY CELf.llR.\TIONS Sometimes plans are being hatched for somebody's birthday, and every one has a secret and "will not tell." \\'hen the birthday arrives there is always a ;;boopi.ful" cake (as one girlie insists upon call-TIM .. ing it), with just the right number of candles, and many things from home, to.gether with the surprises from the chil.dren. The hero or heroine of the occa.sion, with a teacher's help, carries the cake from place to place, till each child has had a blow; when the candles are all out they are relighted, that no child may be omitted, for some of the children are "very strong" and blow out many candles at once. All high days and holidays are ob.served in their turn. On Hallowe'en the children are so attractive in their various costumes that were they permitted the dissipation of a street pageant, they would surely draw a crowd. On Thanks.giving. this year, there was a gathering of Pilgrims, with Indians as their guests. Christmas, which is the day of all days to all children, is here no less joyous than with you. On Christmas eve each stock.ing is "hung by the chimney with care," and before daylight the next morning "Merry Christmas" peals forth from the nurseries. After breakfast there is a tree to be seen in each class-room, and a real Santa passes the stockings to their re.spective owners. There are many pack-7'HE VOLTA REVIEW "GUF.SSING" LF.ARNING THF. NAMES OF THE ANIMALS THE VOLTA REVIEW BUILDING ages to be opened, toys to be mended, and dollies to be rocked to sleep. Is there anything quite so charming as a table surrounded by the happy faces of children. Our Christmas feast, which is usually shared by some friends or rela.tives of the children, is a never-to-be.forgotten event. The teachers' reward comes with the tired but loving embrace at bedtime, when nothing is left to be desired but sleep. OUT-DOOR DIVERSIONS In the spring there are walks to the woods, and the children come home laden with spoils and with so much to tell about the wonders of God's out-of-doors that they all talk at once. "I found a turtle" ; "I saw a goldfinch,"; "I saw so m~ny blackbirds." The herd of Jersey cows which supplies milk for the children also furnishes them with many object-lessons. When the children return from their summer vacations there isn't a single re.gret. They are glad to be here, glad to be at work again, and glad to be able to talk over the joys of the summer. Dor.othy has learned to swim and to waltz ; Milford can row ; Sarah raised a cotton plant; Angus, for a few days, did a man's work on his father's farm. Baker, who A TOWER came to us three years ago, has begun to use French ; he has it at meals and has no difficulty in asking at table for bread, butter, meat, and other things. The school is surrounded by an acre of ground, with many beautiful shade and fruit trees; the latter furnish us with fresh fruit in season and with jellies and preserves for the winter months. There is also a vegetable garden, a portion of which is set aside for the children's use, where they carry out their own little plans. Anything raised by them is wel.comed with a shout when it appears in the dining-room. The city of Washington affords many educational advantages. The children are taken to the "Zoo," the Corcoran Art Gallery, the museums, Arlington, and Mt. Vernon. These trips supplement their work in the class-rooms. They had the opportunity of viewing the recent inaugural procession from a grandstand close to the White House, and having seen President Wilson on that occasion, he already seems like an old friend to them. When our children leave us, it is in.tended that they shall continue their edu.cation with their hearing brothers and sisters. THE PHYSIOLOGICAL BASIS OF THE VISIBLE MOVEMENTS IN 
LIP-READING BY EDWARD B. NITCHIE 
Principal New York School for the Hard-of-Hearing, Contributing Editor "The Volta Review'' 
AKNOWLEDGE merely of the phys.iological formation of the different sounds of speech is of little value to the lip-reader, for only about one-quarter of the formative movements give aid di.rectly to the eye; the remaining three.fourths are not visible. Moreover, a good proportion of the theoretically visi.ble one-fourth are in actual practise so obscure and difficult to see that the aid they directly render the eye is almost nil. Between the invisible formative move.ments and the visible movements by which the sounds are revealed, there is, however, often a close causal connection; that is, though the revealing movement may not in any way be essential to the sound formation, it does frequently arise as a direct result of the action of the organs by which the sound is formed. While a knowledge of sound forma.tion and of the relationship between for.mation and revelation is of little value to the lip-reader, it is of great value to the teacher and should be a part of his equipment for the work. At the risk of stating facts known to most, though per.haps not to all, readers of this article, I will "begin at the beginning." The organs of speech with which we shall need to concern ourselves are the larynx, glottis, vocal cords, pharynx, na.sal passage, soft palate, tongue, and lips. The last four need no explanation. The larynx is the organ of voice, commonly called the Adam's apple, consisting of a cartilaginous box, across which are stretched the two vocal cords. The cords, by vibration, produce voice. The open.ing between the cords is the glottis. When the cords are vibrating, the glottis is narrow, almost like a line; but when the cords are not in vibration, as for all non-vocal sounds. the glottis is open and rounded in shape, allowing at this point a free passage of the breath. The pharynx, commonly called the throat, is the air passage extending from the glottis to the mouth cavity. TWO GROUPS OF SPEECH SOUNDS Speech sounds are divided into two main groups-consonants and vowels. What the vowels and consonants are, every one knows ; every teacher ought to know why vowels are vowels and con.sonants consonants and the fundamental differences between them. The deriva.tions of the words are significant: vowel, from vocalis, from vox, "voice"; conso.nant, from con-, "with," and sonare, "to sound." Vowels are all voice sounds ; consonants are always sounded with a vowel and cannot easily be produced ex.cept when so combined. Speech all of vowels would be inarticulate ; hence con.sonants are sometimes called the articu.lative sounds, the sounds that join the vowels together. But the fundamental difference between vowels and consonants is that vowels are open sounds-that is, with a free, unobstructed passage for the vocalized breath through the mouth ; while consonants are stopped sounds.that is, with an obstructed passage for the breath or vocalized breath through the mouth-the sound being formed usu.ally by the removal of the obstruction. As a corollary, consonants are primarily movements of the organs. while vowels are shapes or positions; also, consonants are quick in formation, while vowels are relatively, though not actually, slow. All vowels are vocal sounds-that is, the vocal cords vibrate to form them; some consonants are vocal and some non-vocal. It will be of advantage to summarize these differences in tabular form, thus: THE VOLTA REVIEW Consonants. Vowels. I.  Obstructed.  Unobstructed.  2.  Movements.  Shapes.  3á  Quicker.  Slower.  4á  Some vocal, some  All vocal.  non-vocal.  The formation of the consonants and the relationship between their formation and revelation are much simpler and easier to understand than those of the vowels ; hence we will proceed to the consideration of the consonants first. CONSONANTS Consonants are obstructed sounds. The organs which may obstruct the breath are lips, tongue, and soft palate; and there are three ways in which the breath may be obstructed-totally, cen.trally, laterally. Total obstruction means that the passage of the breath through the mouth is entirely stopped by either the lips or the tongue or the soft palate, the obstruction, however, being imme.diately removed, except in the case of the nasal consonants, in order to form the sounds. Central obstruction means that there is a partial stoppage of the breath by one of the organs in the center of the mouth passage, allowing an emission of the breath laterally or at the sides. Lat.eral obstruction means that there is a par.tial stoppage of the breath by one of the organs at the sides of the mouth passage, allowing a central emission ; thus lateral obstruction and central emission are in.terchangeable terms, as are likewise cen.tral obstruction and lateral emission. áwhile in different languages examples may be found of each kind of obstruction by each organ, in English we have no central nor lateral obstruction of the breath by the soft palate. The lips and the tongue may obstruct the breath in each of the three ways. For three English sounds, the nasals, m, n. ng. the mouth passage is totally stopped while the vocalized breath passes through the nose. .\ popular misunder.standing of nasal sounds is found in the idea that a person with a cold in his head talks through his nose ; in fact, the re.verse is true, for, the nasal passage being blocked, the sounds that should pass through the nose are compelled to find passage through the mouth, and "Will you bring me my fan"? for example, be.comes "\Viii you brig be by fad"? Nasal sounds, by the way, are practically al.ways vocal. The majority of the vocal consonants have, in English, non-vocal counterparts. For example, b and p are formed pre.cisely alike, except that for b the vocal cords vibrate, while for p they do not. The same difference holds between d and t, hard g and k, ::: and s, etc. What has been said so far about con.sonants may be summarized, and at the same time the consonants classified, by the following table. Non-vocal or breath sounds are in Roman type; vocal sounds are in italics. Remember, also, that m, n, and ng are nasal. Consonants y (in hue= classified by formation  Totally obstructed.  Centrally obstructed.  o Laterallybstructed.  Lips ..... p, h, m  ,  f,  v  wb,  w  I I  Is,y  z  I Tongue... t, d, n !th(inbreatb), l hyoo), YIlk (in breathe) (in you)sh, zit (in -----I_IIZU~ k, ISoft palate... bardg I ng I II All the fundamental consonants are contained in the above table. H, com.monly classified as a consonant, is an aspirate and does not partake of any of the characteristics of a consonant, except that it always occurs with a vowel. The consonants which do not appear in the table are either variations or combina.tions of those that do appear. The varia.tions are many, as c for k (in cat), c fo~ s (in piece), gh for f (in enough), etc., and need not be detailed here. The com.binations are illustrated in the following table: CONSONANT COMBINATIONS ch (in bachelor)= tsh (batshelor) j or soft g (in pigeon)= dzh (pid.zhun) x (in box)=ks (boks) x (in exact)= gz ( egzact) nk (in rank)= ngk (rangk) qu (in quite)=kw (kwite) Qu is really a variation of a combina.tion. A variation of ch is found in tch (catch), and of soft g in dg (ledger). It should also be remembered that in such a combination as tsh (for ch) the two elements run together and are not so definitely pronounced as when they ap.pear separately. With the foregoing general description of the formation of the consonants as a basis, we can proceed to a more detailed description of the formation, the revela.tion, and the relationship between the formative and the revealing movements. We will take them up under a classifica.tion based on the organ of obstruction.that is, first, those obstructed by the lips, or labial consonants; then those ob.structed by the tongue, or lingual con.sonants, and finally those obstructed by the soft palate, or palatal consonants. LABIAL CONSONANTS All three kinds of obstruction occur for the labial consonants-total, central, and lateral. TOTALLY OBSTRUCTED--P, B, M Formation.-For p and b, the lips open from a shut position with a slight explo.sion of the breath ; for m, the lips may remain closed, while the breath passes through the nose. P is non-vocal, b is vocal, and m is vocal-nasal. Revelation.-P, b, and m are revealed to the eye by the shut characteristic of the lips. Except in exaggerated speech, there is no visible difference between them; they must be told apart by the context. Relationship.-For p, b, and m, forma.tion and revelation are practically identi.cal-that is, they are revealed by their fundamental formative movement. CENTRAI.LY OBSTRUCTED--F, V Formation.-For f and v, the center of the lower lip is withdrawn from a position touching the upper teeth. F is non-vocal ; v is vocal. Revelation.-F and v are revealed to the eye by the touch of the lower lip to the upper teeth. There is no visible difference between them ; they must be told apart by the context. Relationship.-The revealing move.ment for f and v is identical with their fundamental formative movement. LATERALLY OBSTRUCTED-WH, W Formation.-For wh and w, the lips, and particularly the sides of the lips, open from a rounded or puckered posi.tion, in which the central emission aper.ture is marked. The extreme backward movement of the tongue tends also to.ward a lateral obstruction in the back of the mouth by tongue and soft palate. Wh is non-vocal; w is vocal. Revelation.-Wh and w are revealed to the eye by the puckering of the lips and the small central aperture. There is no visible difference between them ; they must be told apart by the context. Relationship.-The revealing move.ment for wh and w is identical with their fundamental formative movement. LINGUAL CONSONANTS. Lingual consonants are subdivided into two groups: (I) Those in which the point of the tongue tends to curve upward while the top of the tongue tends to be depressed, and (2) those in which the point of the tongue tends to be depressed while the top curves upward. Consonants of the first group are called point con-THE VOLTA REVIEW sonants; those of the second group top consonants. POINT CONSONANTS All three kinds of obstruction occur for the lingual point consonants-total, central, lateral. TOTALLY OBSTRUCTED--T, D, N Formation.-For t and d, the flattened point of the tongue opens from a shut position against the upper gum with a slight explosion of the breath ; for n, the tongue may remain shut against the gum while the breath passes through the nose. T is non-vocal; d is vocal, and n is vocal.nasal. Revelation.-T, d, and n are difficult sounds to see; often they must be re.vealed by the context. But sometimes the movement of the flattened tongue to or from the upper gum will be of aid to the eye. The fact that the teeth are close together and the lips usually only slightly parted may also give some little help. There is no visible difference between these three sounds; they must be told apart by the context. Relationship.-In so far as t, d, and n are revealed by their tongue movement, formation and revelation are the same. The close teeth and slightly parted lips are natural concomitants of the high tongue position which the formation re.quires. CENTRALLY OBSTRUCTED--L, TH L Formation.-For l, the pointed tip of the tongue is withdrawn from a position touching the npper gum, the breath hav.ing lateral emission around the sides of the tongue. L is vocal. Revelation.-£ is revealed to the eye by the pointed tongue movement to or from the upper gum. Relationship.-The revealing move.ment for l is identical with its funda.mental formative movement. Th Formation.-For th, the pointed tip of the tongue is withdrawn from the upper teeth. Th in "breath" is non-vocal; th in "breathe" is vocal. Revelation.-Th is revealed to the eye by the tongue showing either between the teeth or just behind the upper teeth. Relationship.-The revealing move.ment for th is identical with its funda.mental formative movement. LATERALLY OBSTRUCTED--R, S, Z R Formation.-For r, the sides of the tongue touch the upper teeth and gum at their sides; the point of the tongue is curved upward, but does not touch the upper gum or roof of the mouth; the breath, passing over the raised point of the tongue, causes the vibratory move.ment characteristic of r, which vibration, when intensified, gives the rolled r. R is vocal. Revelatio11.-R, though formed by the tongue, is revealed to the eye by the lips. the corners (not the whole lip aperture, as for wh and w) of the lips being drawn together or puckered. Relationship.-The revealing move.ment for r bears not only a concomitant, but also an auxiliary, or helping, relation.ship to its formative movement. The central lip aperture, caused by the puck.ered corners, helps direct the breath over the raised point of the tongue; whereas, without this help from the lips, the breath tends toward a lateral emission around the raised point of the tongue, instead of a central emission over it. R may be pronounced without help from the lips, but is pronounced more easily with such help; hence the revealing movement for r is not necessary, but is auxiliary. S, Z Formation.-For s and z, the sides of the tongue touch the upper teeth and usu.ally also the upper gum at their sides; the point of the tongue has an upward tendency, but the tip of the tongue is slightly flattened. forming a narrow, slit.like passage between it and the roof of the mouth, or the upper gum. The breath' passing through this narrow opening gives the hissing sound characteristic of s and z. A similar sibilant sound results from the wind whistling through a crack. Sand :; are among the comparatively few consonants that can be easily formed and held with a resultant almost perfect sound. S is non-vocal and :; is vocal. Revelation.-S and z are not invariably revealed to the eye by any movement. The teeth are very close together; but as the teeth are close together for so many other sounds, this gives little help. The chief reliance of the lip-reader should be on the slightly tremulous movement of the muscles just outside the corners of the mouth. It is a movement that ap.pears frequently, but not always, and needs much practise. There is no visible differenct between s and z. Relationship.-In so far as sand z are revealed by the close teeth, the revealing movement is merely concomitant with the high tongue position. The tremor at the corners of the mouth is due to a tighten.ing of the muscles there in the endeavor to draw the lips into a narrow, slit-like passage as a sort of extension and inten.sification of that formed by the tongue. In fact, a sibilant sound (not s, but sim.ilar to s) may be formed, with a little practise, by the lips alone, when held as above described. Thus this revealing movement for s and :; bears an auxiliarv relationship to their formative move.ment. TOP CONSON ,\NTS Lingual top consonants, in English, are obstructed only laterally. LATER,\LLY OllSTI<CCTt:n--Y, SH, ZH y Formation.-For consonant y, the sides of the tongue touch the upper teeth and upper gum at their sides; the top of the tongue is arched and the point depressed, the sound being formed as the tongue leaves this position. Y is vocal, except in such words as "hue" (=hyoo), "hu.man,'' etc., where long u is preceded by the aspirate h. Revelation.-l'sually for y the lip.reader must depend upon the context. In rapid speech the tongue gives no help. The teeth are close together and the lips are rela;ced ~ith a narrow opening. Relatwnslnp.-ln so far as y is re.vealed by the teeth and lips, the revealing movement is merely concomitant with the hig~ tongue position and the quick for.matiOn. Sh, :;h Formation.-For sh and :;h (azure= azhure), the sides of the tongue touch the upper teeth and upper gum at their sides; the top of the tongue is somewhat raised, though not so much as for "\', and the point of the tongue, too, is som.ewhat raised, though not so much as for s. The result is a funnel-shaped passage between the tongue and the roof of the mouth. the breath passing through which gives the rushing sound characteristic of sh and zh. A similar rushing sound may be produced by blowing forcibly through a small funnel. Sh and :;h, like s and z, may be easily formed and held with a resultant almost perfect sound. Sh is non-vocal and zh is voc-al. Reávelation.-Sh and zh, though formed by the tongue, are usually revealed to the eye by lips thrust for~ard, or projected. There is no visible difference between these two sounds. Relationship.-The projected lips for sh and :;h assume a funnel-like shape, and so act as an extension and intensification of the funnel-shaped passage formed by the tongue. In fact, a rushing sound (not sh. but similar to sh) may be formed. with a little practise, by the projected lips alone. Thus this revealing movement for sh and :::h bears an aux;iliary relation.ship to their formative movement. P.\LATAL CONSONANTS Palatal consonants, in English, are ob.structed only totally. TOT.\LLY OHSTKUC'I'EIJ---K, 11.\IW G, XG Formation.-For k and hard g, the back of the tongue and the soft palate open from a shut position, with a slight explosion of the breath ; for ng. the back of the tongue and the soft palate may THE VOLTA REVIEW 61 remain closed while the breath passes 	VOWELS through the nose. K is non-vocal, g is vocal, and ng is vocal-nasal. Revelation.-Usually k, hard g, and ng must be revealed by the context. Occa.sionally a drawing of the muscles of t~e throat just above the Adam's apple wtll give aid to the eye; though, if seen. at all. this 	movement must be seen while the lip-reader's eyes are focused on the mouth of the speaker. There is no visible dif.ference between k, g, and ng. Relationship.-In so far as the throat movement reveals k, g, and 11g, the re.vealing movement is concomitant with the formative action of the tongue. áwhat is said above of the formative and 	revealing movements of the fund~.mental consonants is true, also, of thetr variations and usually, also, of their com.binations.' But in the combinations tsh, for soft ch (bachelor), and dzh, for j and soft g (pigeon), the t and th~ d elements, difficult at best, are practically never visible. . We may summarize the foregoin~ ~is.cussion of the consonants by classlfymg them as follows: I. Consonants formed and revealed by the same organ. a. 	Formed by the lips and revealed by the lips: p, b, m f, v wh, w b. 	Formed by the tongue and re.vealed by the tongue : t, d, 	n l th II. Consonants formed in one way and revealed in another. a. 	Consonants formed by the tongue and revealed by the lips: r s, z sh, zh b. 	Consonants formed by the tongue or lips and revealed by the con.text: v k, g, 	ng A free, unobstructed passage for the vocalized breath is the fundamental char.acteristic of vowel formation. The dis.tinctive character or quality of each vowel is determined by the shape of that pas.sage. The vocal cords vibrate in the same way for all vowels; these air _vibrations are then shaped or modulated 111 the res.onance passage, extending from the larynx to the lips into a, or c, or i, or whatever the desired vowel may be. The speech organs which change the shape of the resonance passage are the lips, the tongue, and the soft palate. The soft palate, acting with the back of the tongue, changes the shape of the pharynx. The tongue, sometimes acting with the lips, changes the shape of t~e mouth passage. The lips are the least u~portant of the organs in vowel formatlo~; the tongue is the most important; and u~ tl~e tongue action the fundamental basts ts found for the classification of the vowels. The tongue changes the shape of th.e resonance passage by a change of posi.tion. There are nine fundamental tongue positions, though all ,are su~ject to .~ore or less variation. 1 hese mne postttons may be roughly illustrated by a diagram, thus: Back Middle Front High ..... . :Medium .. . Low 	...... . These dots are not meant to show the exact relative positions of the tongue, but rather the scheme of the positions. Thus, taking the three dots on the top row, from left to right: The first do~ .would represent a high and a back P?Sttlon of the tongue ; the third d~t a htgh an~ a front position, and the mt~dle ?ot a htgh and a middle position that 1s ne1ther front nor back, but between the two extremes. The dots of the bottom row represent a low position of the tongue, with changes from back, to middle, to front. The medium row of dots represents a tongue position that is neither high nor lo.w, but between these two extremes, . w1th changes likewise from back, to mtddle, to front. It must be borne in mind that none of these changes are very great ; probably the extreme change from a front to a back position is seldom more than one-half of an inch in ordinary speech and no greater, also, from high to low (though in careful speech greater changes may easily be made) . These nine tongue positions may be called, for convenience of reference, high.front, high-middle, high-back, medium.front, medium-middle, medium-back, low.front, low-middle, low-back. The soft palate and the back of the tongue, acting together, change the shape of the resonance passage (I) by a con.tracting or tightening of the parts, and (2) by a relaxing of them. When con.tracted, the pharynx becomes narrowed or close (not closed); when relaxed, the pharynx becomes widened or open. The action of the back of the tongue with the soft palate affects, more or less, the posi.tion of the tongue as a whole. With a close pharynx-that is, with a contracted tongue and palate position-the tongue tends to be slightly higher in the mouth than for an open pharynx, which has a relaxed tongue and palate position; thus, for each of the nine fundamental tongue positions there are two possible variations arising from the action of the back of the tongue and soft palate. Altogether, then, there are eighteen theoretically pos.sible tongue positions, though they do not all occur in ordinary English speech. (It may be said, parenthetically, that in using the word "position" in describ.ing vowel formations, I do so advisedly, although for the lip-reader these posi.tions in actual practise have all the effect of movements.) The lips change the shape of the reso.nance passage (I) by rounding or puck.ering, ( 2) by relaxing, and ( 3) by draw.ing back, or extending, at the corners. But the relaxing and the extending of the lips are concomitant or auxiliary ac.tions and are not necessary to the vowel formations. It is only necessary that the lips should be open to allow a free pas.sage for the . breath. Even the puckered vowels can be formed without aid from the lips, though this is a matter of such difficulty that the puckering must be con.sidered as a truly necessary element in the formation of these vowels. The table below gives, in a form easy for reference, the classification of the vowels and includes a description of their formation according to the fore.going exposition of the action of lips, tongue, and soft palate. The table is b'ased on the position of the tongue; the Back. Middle. Front. Vowels classified by their formation. Close High Openl-====ol Close Medium Open Close Low Open Puck-Re-Ex.ered. laxed. tend<!d. long oo -(ii) l~~~~-~.(ol u -.a in o in ,, th,"ore" ' pal(il,low\ -"-'(~;==-11=) == oin "or"lah~ndol~--.tnand " ff" "odd"o Puck-I R<!-Ex.er<!d. taxed. tend<!d. ==.un;:c. un~cc. 
unacc. unacc.0 U === 
unacc. -----.aw Puck-I R<!á I Ex.<!red. lax<!d. It<!nded. ==1~ -~ Ii I ---~--~ ' .I a 111 ''c;tre'' = 1-= ~ ---~ --x." 1 THE VOLTA REVIEW ánine main squares contain the vowels for each of the nine fundamental tongue po.sitions. The small sub-squares separate the main groups on the basis of the ac.tion of the lips and of the pharynx. The terms "close" and "open" refer to the pharynx. The terms "puckered," "re.átaxed," and "extended" refer to the lips. It will be noticed that within each main group the vowel with the close pharynx is placed above that with the open ápharynx, for the reason that the close vowel has a slightly higher tongue posi.tion than the open. Diphthongs, which will be treated more fully later, are placed in the table in parenthesis under that classification to which their radical ele.ment belongs. CLASSIFICATIOr\ OF VOWELS The classification of some of these vowels will be in dispute; but passing á that by for the moment, let us see how to apply the table to discover the forma.tion of any vowel sound. To do so, we need only to answer these questions : I . Is the tongue high, or medium, or low? 2. Is the tongue back, or middle, or front? 3á Is the pharynx close or open? 4á Are the lips puckered, or relaxed, áor extended ? Select any vowel, as, for example, short u. Answering the questions in order, by reference to the table, we find that u has ( I ) a medium and (2) a back position :of the tongue; (3) a close pharynx, and (4) relaxed lips ; or take short a, and the answers are ( 1) low, ( 2) front tongue, ( 3) open pharynx, and ( 4) extended lips ; or long oo: (I) high, ( 2) back tongue, ( 3) close pharynx, and (4) puckered 'lips; or unaccented u: (I) medium, (2) middle tongue, (3) open pharynx, and (4) relaxed lips. Similarly the complete formation of any of the vowels may be determined, except that, for the diph.thongs, the further table to be given later will be needed. I am convinced that most of the dis.-putes about the formation of vowels arise -from divergent views of their pronunci.ation. Thus, while I have classified the o in "ore" as medium-back tongue, open pharynx, and puckered lips, many people pronounce it like long o, with a close pharynx and a diphthongal quality ; and even more, probably, pronounce it like the o in "or," with low instead of me.dium position of the tongue. Again, o in "or" and "off" is classified with an open pharynx, while many would classify it with the close pharynx, like aw; also, the o in "off" is classified with puckered lips, though not a few would pronounce it with relaxed lips. On the other hand, o in "odd" is classified with relaxed lips, though not infrequently it is formed with puckered lips. Usually o in "odd" has the same formation as a ( ah) in "art," except that it is formed more quickly, and perhaps this quicker formation will give it a very slightly higher tongue posi.tion ; and again, the a ( ah) in "art" is sometimes, somewhat provincially, heard like short a, with front instead of back tongue and with extended instead of re.laxed lips. Another common variation from the classification of the table is the a in path, which, though correctly not so broad as ah, is sometimes pronounced ah, and which is very often pronounced with the sound of short a. Any other seem.ing ina.ccuracies which the student may discover will be due, I am confident, to divergence in his pronunciation from what I have used as standard. I must confess that I do not personally pro.nounce all the vowels just as I have classified them. PRINCIPL~ OF CONTRAST Keeping this possibility of divergent pronunciations in mind, the student may test the vowel formations best by using the principle of contrast. Thus, to test a high position of the tongue, contrast the sound with one having a low position and vice versa,á to test a back position, contrast it with a front; to test a medium position, contrast it with high and low ; to test a close pharynx, contrast it with an open, and to test puckered lips, con.trast with relaxed and with extended lips. In so far as possible, it is advisable to have all the elements of the contrasted yowel~ the same except the one which it Is. desired to contrast. Thus, to test the high tongue position for long oo (high.back-close-puckered), contrast it with aw (low-back-close-puckered) and not with a (low-froJ?t-open-extended)' which has no element m common with long oo. The back tongue position of long oo should be tested by contrast with c (high-front.close-extended). It is true that the ac.tion of the lips is not in common for long oo and c, but as in English we have no puckered front vowels, this contrast is the best we can get. To test the close pharynx of long oo (high-back-close.puckered), contrast it with short oo (high-back-open-puckered). Similarly. tests can be made made by contrast for all the vowels. Teachers should be able to pronounce ~orr_ectly ev:ry vowel alone by itself; but If d1ffic~Ity IS found in doing so, put the vowels m words, as long oo (coot) and short oo (good), and pronounce the words to secure the contrast. The un.accented vowels should preferably be pronounced in words, for by their very nature of being unaccented it requires a high degree of skill to give them their right quality, except in unaccented sylla.ble~. . Thus, to test the tniddle tongue position of unaccented it, contrast the m~ddle tongue of unaccented i( in "upon" With the back tongue of accented u in "up" and with the front tongue of long a in "ape." INTERESTING FEATURES oF THE VOWEL TADLE Several things of interest are made ap.parent by the table of the vowels. One is that although there are theoretically 54 possible fundamental vowel variations, we have in English less than half that number. Notice that we have no puck.ered front vowels in English; that the front vowels, on the contrary, tend to be extended. It will be remembered, more.over, that the extended action of the lips is concomitant with, rather than neces.sary to, the vowel formations, and not infrequently the vowels classified as ex.tended are relaxed in rapid speech; and short i, which is classified as relaxed may be e~t~nded in careful speech. I~ any case, It IS only the front vowels that are extended, not the middle nor the back vowels. As vowels are essentially unob.structed sounds, the extension of the lips seems to be an unconscious attempt to give as free passage for the breath as possible when the tongue is front in the mouth, where possibly it (the tongue) may have a tendency to obstruct the labial orifice, which the lip action would coun.teract. The unaccented vowels, as the table shows, all have the middle tongue posi.tion. This is undoubtedly due to the fact th~t unaccented vowels, being spoken with least care, take the formation easiest to assume, and that is a tongue position between the extremes of front and back. áFor the same reason, the unaccented vowels all have the open, not the con.tracted or close, pharynx. In ordinary speech. also, the relaxed unaccented vow.els are very common: the puckered are very rare. A low tongue position for an unaccented vowel is also a raritY, the medium being the most common. Ii1 fact, unaccented short il (medium-middle-open.relaxed) is the typical unaccented sound, and it may. occur, according to the speaker, for any unaccented vowel. A diphthong is properly a combination of two vowel sounds in a single syllable. Of our six diphthongs (a, i, oy, oáw, o. and n). only the first five strictly fulfill this definition : for the first element of long 17 is usually the consonant y, and onlv occasionallv is this '\' sufficientlY glided to partake of a vowei quality. oáf the other five diphthongs, the first ele.ment of each is a pure, accented vowel. and the second element a glided vowel, equivalent to an unaccented sound. The radical element by which these five diph.thongs are classified in the table is their first element; the radical element of long ji. is its second. Of two of the diph.thongs, namely, a and o. their radical sounds occur nowhere else except in the diphthongs ; but in the table below the simple characters a and o are used toá represent these elements. THE VOLTA REVIEW DIPHTHONGS a (in ape)= ace. a + unacc. i i (in high)= ace. a as in "path" + unacc. i oy (in boy) =ace. aw + unacc. i ow (in how) =ace. a as in "path" + unacc. oo. o (in go)= ace. o. + unacc. oo ii (in use)= cons. y + ace. long oo The unaccented elements of the diph.thongs, it must be remembered, a_re glided and not pronounced fully nor drs.tinctly. What is sometimes called the vowel ur is not included in the table of vowels. In the word "burn," usually the u and the r are not two separate sounds, but coalesce into one sound with a true vowel quality. The formation partakes of some of the characteristics of r, par.ticularly in the slightly raised point of the tongue; which, however, is markedly less raised than for the consonant. To describe it according to the vowel classi.fication we should sav that the forward part or' the tongue has a medium pos!.tion, while the back part has a low posr.tion. It also has a middle tongue po.sition, not back, as for short u. The pharynx is open. The lips are puckered at the corners. The table of the vowels indicates a tendency to have an open pharynx for a vowel followed bv r. This is seen in the o in "ore," the ~ in "or," and the a in "care." It is also seen in the sound of ur, which has just been described. Long e before r, as in "fear," is very apt to become likeá a short i, with open phar.vnx. Long oo before r, as in "poor," also is inclined to take the open pharynx and become short oo. THE REVEALING JI.IOVE)lEXTS OF THF. 
VOWELS 
From all the foregoing discussion it will be seen that the lips have the least necessary part in the formation of the vowels. On the other hand, the vowels, if revealed to the eye of the lip-reader, must be revealed by the lip movements, for the tongue and pharynx movements are too obscure to offer any real help. Thus the speech organ that reveals the vowels has only an auxiliary or concom.itant force in their formation. It fol.lows that á the revealing movements must be more or less variable according to the speaker and the conditions of the speak.ing. We have already seen how vowels that theoretically have extended lips may have relaxed lips, and at least one vowel that is ordinarily relaxed may some.times be extended. No system of visi.ble vowel movements can be always ex.actly correct ; the best it can do is to represent tendencies. This is due partly to the fact that the revealing movements are not in the main, formative move.ments, ~nd partly to the chang~s effected by variation from slow to raptd speech. In general, however. the classification of vowels into three labial groups-puck.ered, relaxed, extended-is a true one. And under each group there are three widths of opening between upper and lower lips-a narrow opening, a me.dium and a wide. In careful speech there may 'be more than these three widths, but for natural speech, allowing for such variations as have been referred to, this grouping of the vowels is accurate. VOWELS CLASSIFIED BY VISIBLE MOVE.
MENTS 
The following table groups and classi.fies the vowels that in the previous table were classified by their formation, now bv their visible. revealing movements. 1'he terms "puckered," "relaxed," and "extended" refer particularly to the ac.tion of the lips. and the terms "narrow," "medium," and "wide" refer to the width of the opening between the lips. Diph.thongs, in parenthesis. again are classi.fied according to their radical elements. This table will give the description of anv of the revealing vowel movements. Thus, for long oo, the lips are puckered with a narrow opening; for short il . the lips are relaxed with a medium opening: for short ii, the lips are extended wi.t~ a wide opening, etc. The tongue posttton described in the formation of the vowels may be of some help to the lip-reader for the wide vowels ah and a, but rarely for any of the other vowels. Vowelsc:lau.ified by their revealiog movemeots.  Puckered.  Relazed.  Ezteoded.  Narrow  long oo, (ii) short oo unacc. oo aw, (oy), (o) o in "ore,, o in "or" and ''off''  r, unacc r i1, unacc i1 ah, o in "odd," a in "path,"  e ~.a in ucare," (i) l .  Medium Wide  unacc. o, unacc. aw  (i), (ow)  To find the description of the diph.thongs from the table, we must remem.ber the component parts as given in the table of diphthongs. For example, oy is a combination of aw and unaccented short i; and therefore oy combines the visible movements for those two sounds, puckered-wide shading off into relaxed.narrow. Similarly, the movement for the unemphatic element of the diph.thongs ii and i is also the relaxed nar.row; the movements for the emphatic dements are shown by the classification of the sounds in the table. For the un.emphatic element of the diphthongs 6 and ow, namely, unaccented oo, the movement theoretically is the puckered.medium; but actually the width of the opening varies between the narrow and the medium according to the carefulness of the utterance, in more careful speech tending to the narrow, in less careful to the medium opening. The table, it will ~ noticed, groups several sounds under one movement, and this is particularly true of the puckered-wide and of the relaxed-wide move.ments. In careful speech these sounds would have to be subdivided further. For example, the puckered-wide move.!llent mi~ht be: subdivided into ( 1) an mtermedtate-wtde and ( 2) a full-wide o~ening. Under the first sub-group mtght come 6, unaccented 6, and possibly 0 . " ore" ; under the secon d sub-groupm would come aw, oy, o in "or" and "off," and unaccented aw. The relaxed-wide, too, might be similarly divided with a in path, i, and ow under the intermediate.wide sub-group, and with ah and o in "odd" under the full-wide sub-group. However, in ordinary rapid speech these su~-gro~ps will tend to merge into one whtch wtll be nearer to the intermediate.wide of careful speech than to the full.wide. In other words, the extreme widths of opening tend to disappear when speech is rapid. To test the classification of the vowel movements as given in the table by pro.n~uncing the sounds singly would be a mtstake; for such pronunciation is al.most sure to be careful, while the classi.fication is based on natural utterance. Nor is it a sure test even to pronounce a word containing the desired sound. The best way is to put the word in a sen.tence, and, speaking rapidly, concentrate observation on the special sound tested. Thus, for short ii, don't say "a," nor yet "cat," but "Pussy cat, pussy cat, where have you been?" If the three are tried, first the a, then "cat," then the sentence nine times out of ten the width of th~ opening for a in the sentence ~ill be less than in the word alone or than in the sound alone. GENERAL RELATIONS OF TWO CLASSIFICA.TIONS If the table of the revealing move.ments of the vowels is compared with the table of vowel formations, certain general relationships will become appar.ent. Thus the high, medium, and low tongue positions correspond in general to the narrow, medium, and wide lip open.ings. Similarly, a front tongue position tends to go with extended lips, and a THE VOLTA REVIEW middle or back tongue position with re.laxed lips, unless the formation requires that the lips should be puckered. These correspondences may be stated in the form of the following rules of relation.ship between the formative and the re.vealing vowel movements : 1. High tongue tends to give narrow lip-opening. 2. Medium tongue tends to give me.dium lip-opening. 3á Low tongue tends to give wide lip.opening. 4á Front tongue tends to give ex.tended lips. s. Middle tongue tends to give re.laxed lips, unless the formation requires that the lips should be puckered. 6. Back tongue tends to give relaxed lips, unless the formation requires that the lips should be puckered. EXCEPTIONS TO THE RULES Exceptions to these rules arise partly from variations caused by a quick or a slower enunciation and partly by the fact that the pharynx as well as the tongue is an important factor in form.ing the vowels. An open pharynx, for example, tends slightly to lower the tongue, and the lower tongue thus tends to a wider lip-opening than for a close pharynx. Quickly spoken vowels also tend to a less careful formation than for those more slowly spoken. These rules of exception may be formulated thus: 1. 	a. An open pharynx tends slightly to widen the lip-opening. b. 	A close pharynx tends slightly to narrow the lip-opening. 2. 	a. Vowels spoken quickly tend to have a narrower lip-opening than when spoken slowly, except puck.ered vowels. b. 	Vowels spoken slowly tend to have a wider lip-opening than when spoken quickly. c. 	Quickly spoken puckered vowels tend toward a medium degree of puckering between narrow and wide. d. 	Quickly spoken vowels, except ac.cented puckered vowels, tend to become relaxed. And the whole scheme of the visible vowel movements is more or less de.pendent on the personal peculiarities of the speaker's mouth, for which no laws can be laid down. 1 In taking up the vowels as described in the table of the revealing movements, we shall find that the following, long oo. aw, (oy), o in "or" and "off," unaccented aw, unaccented 1, short t't, unaccented u, ah, 0 in "odd," long e, (a), a in "care," áand short ii, as well as the vowel element of the diphthong u, are completely ex.plained by the six rules based on the in.fluence of the tongue. That is, fifteen out of twenty-five of the vowels, or sixty per cent, tend to follow in their reveal.ing movements the influence of the tongue regardless of the pharynx or quick or slow formation. Thus, long oo has the puckered-narrow movement : It is puckered because the formation re.quires it ; it is narrow because (rule I) the tongue is high. Short u has the re.laxed-medium movement : It is relaxed because (rule 6) the tongue is back; and it is medium because (rule 2) the tongue is medium. Short ii has the extended.wide movement: It is extended because (rule 4) the tongue is front; and it is wide because (rule 3) the tongue is low. Unaccented short 1 has the relaxed-nar.row movement : It is relaxed because (rule 5) the tongue is middle ; and it is narrow because (rule I) the tongue is high. For diphthongs, each element must be discussed separately. Thus, oy is a combination of aw (puckered-wide) and unaccented short 1 (relaxed-narrow) : The aw is puckered because the forma.tion requires it, and wide because (rule 3) the tongue is low ; the unaccented i is relaxed-narrow for the reasons just given in the explanation above. Simi.larly, the lip-movements of each of the fifteen vowels mentioned may be ex.plained by the rules governing the influ.ence of the tongue. The variations from these rules by the other ten vowels, short oo, unaccented oo (o), o in "ore," unaccented o, short 1, a in path, (i), ow, and short e, may be ex.plained by the exceptions which arise from the influence of the pharynx or from quickness or slowness of fonna.tion. Thus, short oo has the puckered.medium movement : It is puckered be.cause the formation requires it; it is me.dium because (exception I, a), although the tongue is high, the open pharynx tends to widen the lip-opening from nar.row to medium, and this tendency is in.tensified because (exception 2, c), being a quick sound, it puckers the lips less than the slower long oo. Again, short e. has the extended-medium movement: It is extended because (rule 4) the tongue is front ; it is medium because (exception 1, b), although it has a low tongue, the close pharynx tends to narrow the lips from a wide to a medium opening, and this tendency is intensified because (ex.ception 2, a), being a quick sound, the lips open less widely than for a slower sound. Short i has the relaxed-narrow movement : It is relaxed because ( excep.tion 2, d), although the tongue is front, it is usually formed so quickly that the lips are not extended ; it is narrow be.cause (rule I) the tongue is high. Long ois classified with its first element as the puckered-wide, which shades off into the puckered-medium : The lips are wide for the first element because (exception 2, b), although the tongue is medium, being a long or slow sound, the tendency is to have a wider lip-opening than it would have if spoken more quickly (see also exception 2, c) ; the lips are me.dium for the second element ( unac.cented oo) of long o because (exception 1, a), although the tongue is high, the open pharynx tends to widen the lip.opening from narrow to medium (and for this also see exception 2 , c). Sim.ilarly may be explained the variations from the expected lip-movements of the other vowels mentioned above on the basis either of the influence of the phar.ynx or of quickness or slowness of for.mation. Any one desiring to master a knowl.edge of the formation, revelation. and relationship between formation and rev.elation, of the consonant and vowel sounds of the English language, will find that the best form of exercise is to take not sounds by themselves, not even words, but complete sentences, and ana.lyze each sound represented, telling for.mation, revelation, and relationship, and verifying the analysis by referring to the tables, descriptions, and rules of this article. l;naccented vowels, in this ex.ercise, should be given their unaccented value ; the student should try, not to see how carefully he can pronounce the sen.tence, but how naturally. To be natural is in fact a keynote for all successful work and teaching along the line of lip.reading. TO SUPERINTENDENTS AND PRINCIPALS. The date for holding the Tenth Conference of Superintendents and Principals of American Schools for the Deaf has been changed from June 23-30, 1913, to a date four days later.that is, from Friday, June 27, to Wednesday, July 2, 1913. The formal opening of the Conference will occur Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock. and the closing session will be held on Wednesday afternoon. Many of those attending will come probably on the day preceding the opening, and dinner will be served at 6:30 o'clock. The Thursday following the close will be observed as "Fare.well Day." Existing circumstances and conditions deny a later date than the one now set, a'nd it is hoped that it will prove reasonably satisfactory to all concerned. During the first or second week in May a complete program will be published in the Silent Hoosier and also sent direct to super.intendents, principals, and others. Let us have for once a full meeting of the Conference wherein every school for the deaf will be fully represented. On behalf of the Executive Committee, RICHARD 0 . JOHNSON, Cha;rman. Mrs. Kate Scanlon Herman has been ap.pointed Superintendent of the Kansas State School for the Deaf, Platte, Kansas, to suc.ceed Cyrus E. White, M. A., who has held the position for four years. No dissatisfaction is expressed with Mr. White's management, but the move is purely a political one. However, the opinion is universally expressed that the new superintendent will meet with the utmost success in the duties of her position. Mrs. Herman has been a teacher in the school for 23 years and is intimately acquainted with its needs. THE VOLTA REVIEW ¥ THE STAMMERING CHILD IN HIS HOME Suggestions for Overcoming Impediments of Speech 
BY MURIEL ANGIE SMITH, MILWAUKEE. WISCONSIN 
T HE aim of this article is to offer some practical suggestions to par.ents who have young children with speech impediments. There are various causes from which the habit of stammering or stuttering might have resulted. The emotion of fear plays an important part in almost every case. This emotion varies in de.gree and manifestation in each case. If it has not been the chief cause of the im.pediment, it tends to make the trouble worse as the child grows older. THE EFFECT OF FEAR ON SPEECH For a moment let us think of the effect of the emotion of fear on the parts of the human organism that are directly re.lated to the production of voice and of speech control. First. We find that it has interfered with the action of the diaphragm, thus making the breathing irregular, spas.modic, and labored. A good flow of voice under such conditions is impossible. Second. The muscular system is af.fected, becoming tense or rigid. Tense.ness in the muscles includes the throat muscles, which in part control the pro.duction of voice. This makes the pitch higher, and if the tension is severe enough, wholly stops voice. The tongue becomes tense. which makes its action uncontrollable. The lips tremble or be.come tense. Third. The salivary glands act imper.fectly and the mouth becomes dry. If fear is increased to terror, we find all the muscles rigid or thrown into con.vulsive movements. HOW TO DEAL WITH CHILDREN'S FF.ARS The period of greatest fear is usually at about the third or fourth year. It varies with some children, however, who have special experiences later. áIt is de.cidedly cruel to compel children to en.dure terrors or fears. The first thing to be done is to elimi.nate the fears the child has. In order to do this, the parent must have, first, self.control and, second, the perfect confidence of the child. Adults have confidence in the person who is truthful. The child also places his confidence in the one who does not tell him falsehoods. His faith in you will be absolute if you never break your word, but keep the promises you make. Make a survey of his fears. Perhaps you do not know them all. Watch for their manifestations. Below are some of the fears a child may have: 1. Fear of inanimate objects. The timid child is often afraid of everything to which he is unaccustomed; therefore he should have a variety of experiences outside of his home. 2. Fear of animals. 3á Fear of people (outside of family circle). 4. Fear of being left in a room alone. Sá Fear of storms, wind, etc. 6. Fear of the dark. 
7á Fear of imaginary creatures. 
To simply say "It is silly for that child 
to be afraid of a little thing like that" is not solving the trouble. It is not helping the child to overcome his fear, but it suc.ceeds in making him self-conscious and in destroying his confidence in you. Show him how to meet and control his fears, not by your words alone, but by your own attitude of fearlessness and control. For instance, suppose a child is afraid of a storm. Talk with him quietly, pointing out the beauty of the storm. He will soon admire it, also, if he has con.fidence in you. Do not relate his fears and accounts of his nervousness to others in the pres-THE VOLTA REVIEW ence of the cHild. He will understand and imagine his troubles and fears are greater than they are. He will also get the impression that he is peculiar and different from other children. Be his chum and keep his confidences. In work.ing together in this way you can help him develop self-control and poise. ATTITUDE 	OF THE FAMILY AND OTHERS TOWARD THE CHILD 1. The Parent's Attitude There are three requisites the parent must have in order to deal successfully with the stammering child. They are ( 1) self-control, (2) the confidence of the child, and (3) the ability to observe this world and its phenomena from the child's point of view. You must never lose your self-control in his presence. At times it may take all the control you have to wait and listen to what he has to tell you. Your face must not express impatience, pity, hurry, nor worry ; it should express your op.timistic self. In the opinion of your little child, your face should be the sweetest and most beautiful one he has ever seen. He will forget his toys, his books, and his playmates, but he will always remem.ber your face. Do all you can to prevent him from becoming self-conscious. Never forget what a sincere little creature he is. Never laugh at him nor his ideas. Laugh with your child, but never at him. Fill his mind with loving, kind, and happy thoughts, but never fear. Read. him bright, happy stories. Be careful tn the selection of books. Secure those with well-told stories of interest, but with no frightening monsters in them. Tell him truths, not untruths. Never frighten him into obedience. Consider the effects of utterances like the following: "Now, if you do not mind, the policeman will get you"; "You tell me stories like that again and I will tell the Boogie Man." How sane it is to !ell the child the truth. Instead of makmg him afraid of the policeman, tell him that policemen like good boys; that if he is ever lost, the policeman will take care of him and find his home. Dispel all fears of "Boogie Man" or other imaginary creatures. 2. Attitude of Adults Other adults with whom the child comes in contact should be considerate and help instead of hindering the work you are trying to accomplish. They should not imitate his speech nor tease him in any way. There is nothing that will make a child lose his control as quickly as being teased. He resents the unfair treatment and then gives way to anger. The greatest care should always be taken to avoid occasions of anger. If you have to entrust your child to the care of a nursemaid, be sure you can trust her. Do you know how she amuses him? What games do they play together?' What are the stories she tells him ? Where does he go with her? What does he see and hear while out with her, away from your home? Is she giving him the food that will make him strong and well ?" Does she obtain obedience through fear?' How does she talk? Her speech must not be hurried, but deliberate and easy. Her enunciation should be perfect, but there must not be exaggerated positions of the tongue, lips, or facial muscles. The pitch of her voice should be low. The nursemaid problem is not an easy one to solve. Many have learned, others have still to learn, that the one we can trust with the best silver and cut glass is not always fitted to care for the most precious of our possessions-the child. 3á The Attitude of Other Children It is well to watch him at play with the other children. Give him the free.dom of play, but be like the little mother who said, "I can always see him or hear him, for that is my first duty." How do his playmates talk? If they do not speak well, his speech will become worse. He must never be ridiculed by his playmates. Children should never be.allowed to imitate a stammerer or any one whose speech is peculiar in any way. The one who imitates is very apt to ac.quire the same trouble. Incorrect speech habits are formed easily and quickly. THE VOLTA REVIEW Too great stress cannot be laid on the effect this thoughtless treatment has on the sensitive stammerer. If he were cut with a whip, the hurt would not be as severe. There are three ways in which he may meet this treatment. 1. He may laugh with the one who ridicules, but this, however, is rare. If he is brave enough to mask his feelings by means of a smile, there is no smile within. In its place is growing discour.agement and~ resentment, which later will assert itself. 2. He may resent the treatment and ~ecome. angry. If this is continued day ,a;fter day, can we not all foresee the effect upon his disposition? 3á He may withdraw from the com.panionship of the other children. He may enjoy being alone, for he is then free from taunts and ridicule. There is nothing worse for the child than this. He must not be left to himself. If he is made to feel that there is some one near who loves him, some one who under.stands him, he will not wish to be alone, but will seek the companionship of the one who understands it all. THE STAMMERING CHILD HIMSELF We usually term this child nervous and high-strung. His activeness is one of his chief characteristics. He moves quickly, walks fast, runs fast, thinks fast, and talks fast. We say, "If he would only take his time, he could talk all right." How can we induce him to take his time? He is so energetic and is not happy un.less engaged in some activity. We must not crush this activity, nor must we allow it to run at random. We must devise means by which the child becomes master of himself and his storehouse of energy. How he does enjoy plays of action and excitement ! Do not prohibit him from playing "Indian" and "Blind." Be care.ful, however, that he does not play at these games too long. A play of this nature should be followed by some ac.tivity that requires self-control and a low.pitched voice. Teach the child to stop, when having trouble with his speech, and start easily on a lower tone. For instance, if he can.not say "Mabel went away," on account of the "M,'' stop him. First, softly say "abel," then pronounce the whole word softly and lightly, to let him imitate you. INFLUENCE OF OTHERS' SPEECH Surround him with good speech that is worthy of imitation. He should not hear jerky, spasmodic talk, but well.blended, fluent speech. Read poems and stories to him often. Children dearly love good poems like those found in Robert Louis Stevenson's "A Child's Garden of Verses." These are good poems to read and teach the child, because the words blend so easily. There are so many other books of poems for children that are very good. Find stories and poems that the child likes and read them well every time. Do not hurry through them, but read them as carefully the hundredth time as you did the first. Children do not tire of the stories and poems they love. Read him a few of his favorites every night, just before he goes to bed. It closes the day happily. When the child is happy and calm before sleep overtakes him, he will breathe easily and be re.freshed in the morning-that is, he will be refreshed if his room is well venti.lated. He cannot get too much oxygen. Give h.im plenty of air to breathe. If he does not breathe through his nose, con.sult a rhinologist. It is most essential that the .child breathe easily and through the nose. DEVELOP THE BEST IN THE CHILD No doubt we have all heard that stam.mering children are cross, stubborn, and irritable at times. What child is not? Which side of his nature shall we de.velop? Shall we allow the disagreeable, stubborn side to dominate, or shall we develop the cheerful, loving side ? We have our choice. The imitative child re.flects not only all that he sees and hears, but he also reflects the moods of the peo.ple around him. We get what we give. Let us not forget that the "You know I love you, sonny," from a bright, loving parent will bring a smile from the little one. A smile always clears the atmos.phere, if it is a real, genuine smile. l am afraid that too many of us, in our hurry with the many things we have to do each day, do not smile and say, "I love you," to these little human beings as often as we should. Let us not allow the child's life to be one of unhappiness, blighted hopes, and failure. Instead, guide him carefully, day by day, so that his childhood may not only be a happy one, but that it may also be the foundation for the develop.ment of a sincere, optimistic, broad.minded soul. THE VOLTA REVIEW A REPORT ON THE SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF OF NEW 
YORK STATE* 
BY WIWAM R. STEWART T HE rate of increase of the popula.tion of the State of New York for the last decade was over 26 per cent, and figures show that there has been an equal increase of the number of pupils in the schools for the deaf, although in the last year there was a marked falling off in attendance at two schools in New York city, <fue to the establishment of day schools for the deaf and to the employ.ment of pupils who had not completed the school course. There are in New York three day schools for deaf children, with an average attendance of 246, be.sides two private schools, in which there are 43 pupils. Many of the day-school children formerly attended the boarding schools, but the majority were not under instruction. There seems to be some in.crease of the deaf~mute population of the State, and if the Compulsory School Law were made to include deaf-mute children, the number in attendance would probably be much greater than now. Better sani.tary conditions and consequent control of disease are doubtless making the rate of increase for the special classes less than that of the general population ; but until such time as the "accidental" causes of deafness in children can be more thor.oughly controlled, further provision must be made for the increasing numbers who need education. And it must be also re.membered that there is wider interest and knowledge among the people of the in.valuable work of these schools, and that this more general interest results in greater success in the efforts to secure attendance of pupils. COMJ:'uLSORY LAW EXTENSION NECESSARY The compulsory feature of the educa.tion law now safeguards the normal child *Extracted from the Forty-sixth Annual Report of the State Board of Charities of New York, transmitted to the Legislature March 10, 191J. of school age, but is not enforced in the case of blind or deaf children, although they, more than all other pupils, need careful training in schools for a long pe.riod. All such defective children, when normal mentally, should be placed in a good school at four years of age, if not earlier, and continue under instruction until they have completed the studies of the.graduating class, which should give them a good preparation for self-support and the responsibilities of adult life. The delay in entering school makes the work of the teachers more difficult, for the normal young child responds quickly to careful training; but when the most im.pressionable age has passed, the teacher usually finds development slow. Many parents, influenced by affection, refuse to send their deaf or blind children to school, believing they can receive suitable train.ing at home, and that they will have much better protection there than in any institution. If the law required the at.tendance of everv normal deaf or blind child from the age of four years at one of the schools established for the deaf and blind, unless such children shall be under competent instruction elsewhere, they would have the same protection which the Compulsory Education Law gives now to normal seeing and hearing children, and the dangers of ignorance and dependency would beá minimized for them. STATE SHOULD BEAR EXPENSE The expense of the maintenance of children in the schools for the deaf and blind after they are 12 years of age is borne by the State, but under that age the counties must bear it. This is unjust to the younger children. Some of the supervisors and superintendents of the poor, who now control appointments of the children who are under 12 years of age, defer the commitment of deaf and blind children for years, in order to save the county treasury from the cost of the children's maintenance, and this penuri.ous, unwise, and inhumane policy results in life-long injury to those defective wards of the State. The State should pay for instruction and maintenance during the entire train.ing period, and this plan will secure earlier admissions and promote more con.stant attendance at school, thus making the whole course more beneficial. The law should be amended therefore in these two particulars: ( 1) To enforce atten.dance, and ( 2) to make the expense for the education of the blind and deaf .chil.dren a State charge for the entire period of school attendance. MENTAL AND PHYSICAL EXAMINATIONS It is of prime importance that the physical and mental conditions of the deaf child shall be studied immediately upon admission to school. He labors under such serious disadvantages that no time should be lost before his teachers are fully advised of his exact physical condition, and thus be enabled to cope with the problem of his mental develop.ment without having to learn by experi.ments whether he has other handicaps beside the loss of hearing. In some of the schools children are examined by physicians upon admission, but usually these examinations are not complete, nor do they cover the whole body. Except in one school, the medical examination is to determine whether the child has a communicable disease, and does not involve a complete physical chart, which would show the real devel.opment of the child at the time of ad.mission to school. As the mental de.velopment is necessarily conditioned by the state of the bodily organs, it is ap.parent that a healthy mental growth can.not be secured if the physical condition is impaired by disease or by other seri.ous organic disturbances. Many children who otherwise are capable of normal progress are handicapped in their classes by physical conditions which have passed unnoted because no medical examination was made at all, or, if made, was not complete, or has not been repeated with sufficient frequency to note the changes incident to growth. There are so-called "backward" children in the schools who are unable to keep pace with their fellows and whose presence in the class has a tendency to retard the brighter pupils. This causes loss of time and prevents the progress which may be reasonably ex.pected during the school period. In cases where there is no inherited mental defect the "backwardness" of the pupil is due to some improper physical condition, such as adenoids, or eye strain, and there is no reason why such an impairment of power should not be corrected at the earliest possible moment. The expert examination suggested is independent of mental tests which determine the develop.ment of the mind, and therefore it should include every child admitted to the school and should precede the determination of mental power. That can be left for sub.sequent investigation, for although the young deaf child with a very small vo.cabulary, if any, may be a difficult sub.ject for a mental test upon his arrival at school, a competent physician can learn all the facts in relation to the child's physical condition and record them upon a chart as a basis of comparison in future examinations. The "feeble-minded" child has no proper place in the ordinary school for the deaf and should be maintained in a separate institution especially equipped for the instruction of the feeble-minded, whether they are deaf or hearing chil.dren; but the "backward" deaf children are entitled to an opportunity for educa.tion, and therefore their retardation should not exclude them from the schools for the deaf. In these institutions special classes should be organized for them, with competent teachers who understand the reasons for retardation; and then, if the pupils are retarded through accidental causes which can be removed, the special classes will afford ample opportunity for their advancement and preparation to maintain themselves in their regular classes with pupils of their own age. THE VOLTA REVIEW 75 IMPROVEMENT IN SPEECH-'rEACHING ~f the deaf pupil is ever to acquire satisfactory speech, particular attention must be given to the condition of the or.gans of speech, and the earliest examina.tion of the child at the time of entrance into school should make these organs a speci~l feature. Utterance, power, and tot?-altty depend upon the physical mech.antsm, and no effort of the pupil can pro.duce satisfactory speech while the vocal organs are in bad condition. The exami.nation chart therefore should show in minute detail the exact condition of the vocal organs and also indicate what may be needed to make them efficient. Some congenital deaf persons have agreeable voices, but in every case such voices have been developed by careful attention to the conditions of the whole vocal mech.anism, and the tonality or musical quality is the pleasing result. When properly developed, the voice is essentially musi.cal, and the harshness and monotony of the speech of many deaf people is due to the failure of physicians and teachers to note and correct improper physical con.ditions. The cultivation of voice control now receives more attention in the schools for the deaf than ever before, and not only is the ability to utter words so that they may be understood considered essential, but the true place of speech in the cur.riculum and the significance of vocal cul.ture in the preparation of the deaf for social life, business, or employment are more clearly apprehended. If speech is to be of real value to the deaf, it must be of a character easily understood by all hearers and the voice must be properly trained to enunciate clearly. Every vowel and consonant must have its usual value in the words used and distinctness be aimed at always. Many deaf persons who have been taught in our schools which claim to teach speech cannot speak so as to be understood by ordinary hear.ers without difficulty. Modulation and distinctness in articulation are essential to good speech, and the drill of the class.room should always be so thorough that at the end of each daily period of in.struction the faults of articulation dis.closed during the recitations may be understood by both teacher and pupil and the proper remedy be employed to correct defects. There are so many noticeable example~ of speech facility, of pleasant modulat10n, even perfect vocalization, by deaf persons that teachers should insist upon good utterance; for, if pupils are able to use the vocal organs and speak they may also in most cases learn to con~ trol their voices and combine with simple utterance the desirable qualities of tonal.ity, accent, and rhythm. NORMAL TRAINING SCHOOLS The maintenance of an efficient teach.ing staff is a serious difficulty in all of the schools for the deaf, for the State of New York has neither training schools nor normal classes for the instruction of teachers who propose to devote them.selves to this work. Common schools receive their teachers from normal col.leges and other general training schools and, as a rule, they have all had fair preparation for their work. The schools for the deaf children require teaching ability of higher order than those for ordinary pupils, and the teachers must devote themselves to their work with in.tense earnestness of purpose and enthusi.asm. The men and women who are em.ployed in the instruction of the deaf are an efficient body of instructors, and when vacancies occur in the teaching staff of these schools it is difficult to obtain men and women qualified to fill the vacancies. The normal schools are not prepared to train teachers for the deaf, and the schools must depend upon other sources for competent substitutes to continue the work of the teachers who resign, and therefore New York should establish at once training schools to supply competent teachers. The Rochester School and one of the New York city institutions for the deaf could very well open training de.partments, as their facilities are ample and the locations satisfactory. Connected with these schools are teachers in every way competent to manage a normal de.partment with an extended course in speech and other subje,cts, which will meet every need of teachers who propose to devote themselves to the purely oral method in the instruction of the deaf. TEACHERS' CONVENTIONS DESIRABLE The benefits of teachers' conventions are well known, but the teachers in the New York schools for the deaf have had few opportunities to attend such meet.ings within the State, or observe demon.strations of actual teaching in the class.rooms and schools other than their own, or to confer with each other upon meth.ods and the problems which arise during the school season. The superintendents have met at vari.ous times in conference and have done something toward standardizing the edu.cational work of the institutions, and last spring the principals and teachers of t~e five institutions and the day school m New York city met in conference at the New York Institution. A similar con.ference should be held yearly and the program include a presentation of meth.ods of class-room instruction by means of demonstration classes, together with papers and open discussions. The home training and general equipment at the particular institution where the confer.ence is held should also be observed. In this way the teachers and officers will be able to take back to their own schools ideas which have proven useful elsewhere. The schools in western and northern New York could hold their own confer.ences, but an annual State conference at the close of the spring session would bring all the teachers together. That they would be glad of opportunities to widen their perspective was made appar.ent last smnmer at the week's conference of the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf, when many of the members from New York State who attended that conference expressed the wish that a similar meeting could be held yearly. The demonstration classes from the Rhode Island Institute and the Lexington A venue School of New York city were interesting features of that conference and showed conclu.sively that the deaf pupil through the use of the pure oral method may have a broad intellectual development. It was noticeable that the teaching accessories, particularly those used in the classes of the younger pupils, were many and varied, and that the teachers were well educated, thoroughly trained in speech methods, and versed in the special studies they conducted, and that all insisted upon the value and absolute need of a definite course of study, which was one of the many subjects discussed. Inspection re.ports on the schools in New York State have repeatedly recommended this, for it has been observed that schools which have prepared and actually follow a defi.nite program are most successful, and that when it is supplemented by detailed outlines, which insure well articulated and evenly distributed work, the best re.sults are shown. At a State conference similar suggestions and observations to those made at Providence would occur. and an earnest attempt could be made to find a solution for special needs and diffi.culties. Thus the standard of the schools in New York State would be raised and their work become more effective. The general equipment of these schools and the training and care given the chil.dren are very satisfactory, .r~flect~ng credit upon the trustees, admtmstrabve officers, and teachers in charge. The "home spirit" is developed in all the pu.pils and the industrial training encourages initiative and independence and prevents the formation of the "institution outlook'' upon life, which results from treating a group of children as a body_ and not as individuals. The teachers ann to grad.uate thoughtful, ambitious, self-reliant students, who during the years at school have been stimulated by the examples of success and who have not been repressed or checked in the proper expression of character. Dr. Chas. R. Ely has presented his resigna.tion of the Principalship of the Maryland State School, Frederick City, Md., to th!! Board of Visitors. This action was taken m order to accept a call from Gallaudt:t College of ,Wash.ington, D. C., where he w1ll take up h1s. for.mer position as Professor of Natural Sc1ence. THE VOLTA REVIEW 77 THE VOICES OF THE DEAF* The Strobilion: Control of Pitch by Means of Sight BY E. W. SCRIPTURE, PH. D., M. D., COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY T HE strobilion is an apparatus for overcoming the monotony of the speech teaching control of the pitch of the of the deaf and described an apparatus voice by means of sight. A preceding for doing this by comparing the vibra.article (Tm: VOLTA REvn:w,April, 1913) tions of two flames. The purpose of the pointed out the need of some means of strobilion is the same, but an entirely different method is employed. *This is the second of a series of articles The disc shown in Fig. I consists ofby Dr. Scripture, describing some new methods of improving the voices of the deaf. I 5 rings of alternating white and black FIG. I. THE; STROBILION spaces. The inner ring has eight white spaces, the next has nine, etc. The en.tire series is 8, 9, 10, 10 2/3, 12, 13 1/3, IS, 16, I8, 20, 21 I/3, 24, 26 2/3, 30, 32. These numbers correspond to the rela.tions of vibrations in the diatonic scale. Thus, if "do" is a note having eight vi.brations a second, "re" will have nine, "mi" will have ten, etc. In front of the disc there is a scale marked with the syllables "do, re, mi," etc., opposite the corresponding rings. FIG. 2 . THE STROBJLION DISC, ILLUMINATED BY 
AN INTERMITTENT FLAME,. WHOSE FLASHES 
MAKE THE MIIJDLF. RING APPEAR 
TO STAND STILL 
The disc is fixed on the axle of an electric motor, whose speed can be regu.lated by a rheostat. When the motor is set going, the disc revolves and its entire surface appears an even gray. The disc is illuminated by a small flame from a flame box supplied by acetylene. The construction of this flame box was described in the April number of the ReviEW. The membrane in the box must be of thin mica in this apparatus. When a tone is sung into the mouth.piece of the flame box, the flame vibra.tion produces a series of flashes of light. The disc is illuminated as many times a second as there are vibrations in the tone sung. Between the illuminations there is darkness. If the white spaces of any ring of the disc are passing the flame at a rate equal to the number of vibrations of the tone, that ring will split up into a series of white and black spaces that ap.pear to stand still (Fig. 2). All of the other rings will remain gray. The reason for this is that the eye sees the disc only by flashes. At one flash of light the white disc of a certain ring is seen, for ex.ample, at the top. During the darkness before the next flash it moves forward. If the next flash occurs at the moment the next white space has moved to the top, the eye perceives no movement, and the observer sees the second white space where the first was. At the next flash the third white space has moved to the top, and so on. Consequently the ob.server sees a white space at the top and other white and black spaces around the ring just the same as if the ring actually stood still. This will be true only of one ring, namely, the one whose white spaces move exactly in agreement with the flashes. The rheostat, with the motor, is ar.ranged to give great changes of speed. If the disc is made to revolve 16 times a second, the number of spaces passing the flame in a second will be 16 x 8, which equals 128 in the inner ring, 144 in the second ring, and so on, up to 512 in the outer ring. If the speed of the motor is increased to 20, there will be 16o in the inner ring, 18o in the second, and so on. The tonic "do" can thus be placed at any point on the musical scale for the first ring and the other notes will have their proper numbers of vibrations. The scale of two octaves can thus be adjusted . to any voice, from the lowest bass to the shrillest treble. There is no need for any sharps or flats to change the scale ; that is done by changing the speed. For example, a song written in the key of c can at once be THE VOLTA REVIEW 79 transpose9 to the key of d (two sharps) . by speeding the motor 25 per cent faster. The disc can be adjusted to any given note. When a pitch pipe of c= 256 is blown into the tube (it is best to remove the mouthpiece), the speed of the motor can be changed till the inner ring remains still. It is then known that 256 spaces per second are passing on the inner ring ; the speed of the motor must therefore be 32 revolutions per second ; the numbers of spaces for the other rings are readily calculated. If a tone from any musical instrument is brought into the tube, its pitch can be told by noting which ring stands still. The same is true of any tone that may be sung. The strobilion can thus be used to give the pitch of any tone that reaches it in a way to make the flame vibrate. What happens when the number of vibrations of the tone reaching the flame is not exactly identical with the number of spaces passing in any ring? Suppose the disc to be revolving so that 8o spaces of the inner ring pass in one second and that the tone has 79 vibrations a second. Between two flashes the white space will have moved not only to the position of the next space, but also I/8oth further. The result is that the white space, instead of being still, appears to creep slowly forward by 1/8oth of the distance be.tween corresponding points on the two spaces. Thus, if the vibrations of the tone are one less per second in number than the number of spaces per second, the ring will appear to move forward by one space per second. It will be readily understood that for a difference of two vibrations it will move two spaces per second, and so on. When the tone has fewer vibrations than the number of pass.ing spaces, the ring appears to move for.ward; whená it has more, the ring moves backward. It is thus possible to tell, with great accuracy, just how many vibrations lower or higher the tone is than the ring that stands still. The deaf pupil is told to sing into the mouthpiece. At first he will sing in such a faint or tight voice that nothing hap.pens, or in such a bellow that he blows the flame out. The first lesson may be profitably used to teach him to regulate the power of his voice. Indeed, one of the most valuable uses of the strobilion is to teach proper control of the breath and proper relaxation of the muscles of the larynx and throat in producing voice. Then he is made to see that a person can make a certain ring stand still by singing into the mouthpiece. When he makes the attempt he sees that the wrong ring stands still. If the disc has to be speeded up to match a shrill falsetto tone, he readily understands that he must sing lower. An important result thus ob.tained is that the pupil learns the correct register in which to use his voice. The next step is to sing a tone so that a certain ring remains absolutely still (Fig. 3-A). The pupil feels around with his voice ; he sees sometimes one ring do .st la Jt:>l Fa 7tU ¥rt~¥.Sl 
Ia 
.s<ll Fa nat - - - I  -- - I  - I  - I  I  - - - - .I- -- _,_...  I  I  ,.. dli .B c .E F FIG. J. STROBILION EXERCISES INDICATED ON THE STROBIL!ON STAFF A. A constant tone, sung on middle "do." D. An interval of an octave. B. Incorrect beginning for "do." E. A slide, or portamento, over an octave. C. An interval of a fifth. F. The scale sung staccato. stand still, sometimes another. Finally he hits the desired one. This he repeats over and over till he learns to strike it rightly each time. A common fault with the pupil is that he starts too low and raises his voice ; he is made to notice that he travels over lower rings before reaching the correct one (Fig. 3-B). By watching his teacher he gets the idea that the correct ring must appear instantly without any initial slide. The next step is to teach the musical intervals. The teacher points to the ring "do"; the pupil must sing the correct note. Then he points to "sol"; the pupil must raise his voice instantly to a note that makes "sol" without passing over any of the other notes (Fig. 3-C). In this way all the intervals of the octave are taught. The slide, or portamento, is easily taught. After singing "do," the pupil is to pass to "sol" or "do" above by mak.ing all the intervening rings flash out as his voice is raised (Fig. 3-E). It is much easier to pass from one note to another by a slide than to jump over the interval clearly. The complete scale (Fig. 3-F), with all of its intervals cor.rect, is ultimately acquired. It is evident that a whole course of in.struction in singing can be carried out not only for the deaf, but also for the hearing person. In fact, the apparatus is in use for singers who have difficulty in accurately pitching their voices or in getting intervals. Our purpose, however, is not to make singers of the deaf, but to give them such a control of their vocal cords that they can modulate their tones in speech. Once the pupil can control his voice so as to make a few clear tones and to introduce slides, he can be taught to speak melo.diously after the manner indicated in the April REVIEW. Although the strobilion is somewhat complicated in theory, it is not much more difficult to use than the double.flame trainer previously described. It has the inestimable advantage of the greatest accuracy in controlling the voice and of almost innumerable applications. GRAPHICAL STUDIES OF MARRIAGES OF THE DEAF 
T HE Volta Bureau possesses a card cata.logue relating to 4.471 marriages of deaf-mutes, reported in Dr. E. A. Fay's work entitled "Marriages of the Deaf in America," published by the Volta Bureau. Each card is i1lustrated by a graphical diagram prepared by Dr. Alexander Graham Bell upon the plan shown in TH£ VoLTA R£VI£W, Vol. XIV, page 63, exhibiting at a glance the num.ber of brothers and sisters and children of the partners in marriage, and whether they were deaf or not. An analysis of these 4.471 marriages ap.peared in TH£ VoLTA R£VIEW, Vol. XIV, pp. 126-127. No information concerning offspring was obtained in regard to 974 of the mar.riages; and in 419 cases the marriages took place within a year of the date of report, so that offspring had not then appeaáred. Elimi.nating the above, the table deals with 3,078 marriages of a year's standing or longer; 434, or J4. 1 per cent, were childless, so that the children recorded were the produce of 2,644 marriages. Omitting two of these on account of incomplete returns, the table shows that 2,342 of the fertile marriages resulted in hear.ing offspring alone, and that in 300 cases deaf offspring were also produced. Dr. Bell has now presented to the Volta Bureau a graphical study of the 300 marriages which resulted in deaf offspring, showing the ancestry of the husbands and wives, the num.ber of children produced, and how many were deaf and how many could hear. The brothers and sisters of th.e ancestors are also given. showing how many were deaf and how many could hear; and each chart collates the infor.mation scattered through Dr. Fay's book relat.ing to deaf relatives in collateral lines of descent. The marriages are designated by the same numbers used by Dr. Fay in his pub.lished work. Additional details, preserved in the confidential archives of the Volta Bureau, are accessible to boua fide investigators upon request. The whole collection of graphical charts will he published ultimately in book form by the Volta Bureau, with an introduction bv Dr. Bell. Tn the meantime we shall present to our readers a selection of eighty charts showing families in which deaf-mutes have appeared during three or more successive generations. Eight of these charts are given in the present issu<' of THE RE\'I£W, and each succeeding number will contain eight, until the series is completed.-EDITOR. THE VOLTA REVIEW 81 \
~ I d z j fI 
~ OnJbiMl .,..,, we ¥niac.. of f.;M_ P.U '-M\ N.,. rea~\N in cut oNaprlnc. By A.hxander era,_ Ban. 'i> 'f 'i> 'f ~ <t ~ ~ ~ tl1.¥./ ~ "'á.. 0 t-o;.: 7 ~1' I'--áá ,,..-/' I OOOOOO<lee :s tl1' ~ 0 <D" N."" CD 0. ~ CJ Odoottf0 0 ~ ,....... 
rv ...... 8 ...............~¥ ..,.._, 
Q......,_............,_¥ ..._y WM,MOWM MARRIAGE NO. 7. REPORTED IN "MARRIAGES OF THE DtAF IN AMtRICA," BY DR. t. A. FAY. PUBI,ISHED BY THE VOI.TA BURJ!AU, WASHINGTON, D. C. On,tlt.c~l a\u4)' or llarrt"e-¥ or 1.he Dear ~-' tur.¥¥ u¥.. h¥u 1n d""' gfhpr!nc~ 11 .Al¥undu crah&n BtiU. Q ? 9 'P Q '? ~ ~ ' I ~ I ' j 16 ""--.. -------.''1 0 ci5" ""N.  ~  IT '<  (") 0  .~...... 0UI'tf\...OWN VWC.THUI Ole.l>l ()R Ht:M..... 0"t:¥AoN6 ¥¥¥N~ft IN~....II..V .........N()wN  ~- MARRIAGI! NO.  I6. RI!PORTI!D IN "MARRIAGI!S OF THI! DI!AF IN AMI!RICA," BY DR. 1!.  A.  FAY.  PUBLISHI!D BY THI! VOLTA  BURI!AU, WASHINGTON,  D. C.  rv  ~ 
~ 0 t--o ~ ~ ~ til ~ eo u l!:i z' g z "' =: Ul < ~ ::>~ <tzr ..: ::> =" <!:i 0 :> lol \ tl: f-< ><=" w "' :I: Ul ::i=" ::> ""0-~/¤ ><0.'"' < l>i 0 8 .,.: "' >.~ <~ u ;: w )1 < ~ '"' < ~ w f-o= 0 "' ~ rn w~ ...,r <5 z ~ ~~ ~ t z < )1 ~ ' > á----~ ~ ~. ~i ! z ~ . J ¥ ¥, w "' 0 ~ f-oz PC ; ~ ~ e:. l:i L C..! cxi ~ ~ ('Ieo 0 z w..., < ~ < )l 01'aphha1 l\1&d7 ot *nl-.r¥ of \N ~á" U.\ Mft r........,, \n ¥ear .c'l'~t~~r&na 17 U¥xan4"" l'lraU. Boll ~ 'f 'i' 0 'i' ~ 'i' ~ ~ 0 t-. ~ ~ 60 ~ ..,./ til ~ 0 
ci5" 
N."" ~ IT 
'< 
..J~,...,.PUI" 0\MIUtOWM WMIT..fl DeAf' OR ..MIMe(") QMtM...a. ¥¥¥~IIIINPAM\L.Y UNMMO'WM 0 MARRIAGJ> NO. 00. . REPORTED IN "MARRIAGES OF THE DEAF IN AMERICA," BY DR. E. A. FAY. PUBLISHED BY THE VOLTA BUREAU, WASHINGTON, D. C. 00~-rv Ot a:> c;> 0 c5" N."" n. "' ~ c; 0 r2 epe.v0111Nl.. -rv Qnpt\1Ml. 1\\ICJ et t~arrtac.. or tbe n-t \hat. ba" r..ul\ed 1a d...t otr.pr1n1. 
117 Aluander Cr~ B¥llá 
Q 9 Q 9 ~ "'-.. a ~ t-o /\ ~ ~ 86 ~ á-.......... 
Fit ~ TfOOOO ib~ J~ 1 ~~Milne"OCJ'IP ~ ~CNNo~a. . ... _..., ....-..............,. 
MARRIAG~ N9. 8(5. ~llPQ~T~D ~N ":MA!{RlAO~:l QF TH~ DI!;AF IN A?.UilUCA1" BY DR. !!;. A. FAY. PUBI,ISHI\D BY THI\ VOI,TA BURI\AU, WASHINGTON, D. C. 0¥ ' c i ~áá/ ~ 0-~/-á.. <:>----á.~ ~ : i ~ ~ 5 ':; l ~ ':; i 0-~ . 0á l &~ 0o THE VOLTA REVIEW 87 u l':i z' g c z <="'0-~ E!: "' ::>' <w 1>: \~ D Ill <f< ...l ¤! w f<= > Ill w "" i = "' ~ Ill D "' > ,.<~ < w ~ > IQq) .... ~.... < ~ f;'i ~ < =s fÇ <w "" w f<= 0 "" ; w "' c; I <I a II L n ~ ~ ~ =s wn "" f< 1>:¨: d ~ ~ eo ...V) "' 0 z w c < ~ <::; THE VOLTA REVIEW :~ ~ \.'8 \ / ~~/ I!-I E-1 P'4... COl =~ i ~ . ' zd ~ I I 	H ! ~ =LJ ; p. I L 0: .: ~---~áá  I ~ ~ t: t eo  =~  ti .:i z' ~ '-" ~ "' :t: < ~ ::;,' < fol 0:::;, Ill <f.<.. g w f.< ;. Ill = w"' ="' :3 Ill ::> "' ><"' < Toi .: "' ;. Ill ~ <' u Oil fol )1 < z "' w< "' w f-= 0 "' UJ w C> < Oil <'" t z ~ w"' f.0: ~ w '" ~ ~ N 0 z w '-" < Oil <'" )1 Oraphto¥l lt\1111 or Narrt-..o of \he Dtat \M.t M¥¥ roow.U¥¥ In door ottoprtnc. ¥1 Alnandn Cil'6haa a.u ~ 'l' ~ ~ ~ 'l' ~ 'i' // 
/ 243 ........... 
I.PLY G)t.IIWtOMI -.:TtCR fleN' OR rCAftWol6 o~---..........................,.~ 
0 ci5" N."" ~ IT '< (") 0 MARRIAGE NO. 243. REPORTED IN "MARRIAGES Of THE DEA~á IN AMERICA," BY DR. E. A. FAY. PUBLISHI(D BY THf. VOLTA BUREAU, WASHINGTON, D. C. ~-rv ~ 
a ~ t-< ~ ::v tl'l ~ ttl ~ ~ NUMBBR OF PUPII.S. II53 1312 I052 I320 P.IUtCENTAGE OF PUPILS.  --á ----~  1899 .. . . ..... .. .. ...¥.......... 61.4 53á I 5á I 23á7. I4.7 I900 ........................... 64.0 55á5 5á4 25-7 I5á3 I90I ... ... ..................... 64.7 56.o 5á6 27.4 I4.6 I902 . . ...... . .... . .. . .. . ....... 64 .7 s6.7 6.4 22 .6 I2.0 1903 . . . .. . ...... . ..... ... ...... 67.2 6o.3 5ás 20.0 I2.1 I904 .... . ...... .. .............. 67á3 6o.9 6.4 18.2 2.7 1905 .... . ..... ... . . .... . . . ... .. 69.1 63á7 5á4 18.6 2.4 1906 . . ... . ... .. .. ..... áááá ááá 69.0 6s.o 4á0 19á3 2. I 1907 ... . ........... . ......... . . 70.1 66. I 4.0 I9á9 3á3 I9QS .. ¥.. . .... .. ............ ¥¥¥ 70-9 67.2 3á7 20.2 2.6 1909 ... .. .... . . . ..... . . ... ..... 72.2 69.1 3á I 21.4 2.3 I910 . . .. .. .......... . . . .. . .. .. . 73.1 71.1 2.0 22.6 2.3 19II ... ......... .. ..... ........ 74á5 72.7 I.8 23.6 3-2 1912 .. .. áááááááá ááááááá ....... 75á4 72.5 2.9 25.2 2.5 1913 ........ .. ... .. .. .. ... ... . 76.2 73á9 2.3 27.0 2.5  9á2 9-2 9á2 21.8 30.6 17.2 27-4 31.5 15.6 40.0 33.0 16.s 42-7 33á8 I7.6 43á6 36.2 14.2 42.9 42.7 12.8 44á4 45.2 II.O 45.4 46.8 11.9 46.2 48.o 13.9 45á9 51.6 10.7 44.8 s6.4 7á9 44á4 57.1 6.7  8. I3. II. I2. I4. 10. II. IO. 9á IO. 8. 5 2 4 3 6 6 0 4 2 4 2 IO.I  TaughtISpeech Not Taught by Speech Year Speech Used Used* -~~~~~ SSSf l 2 3 4 5 6 -~899--.-.-. .-.-.-..-.--.-..-..-..-.-.-..-.-..-.-.-..-.l-6_4_6o 5584 ru 2496 I 1549 á--;;-, 1900 ¥á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á á 6884 i 5969 582 2757 I 1643 995 1901 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7131 I6167 621 3020 I J6II 1 1009 1902 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7164 6276 712 2506 11323 2412 1903 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7561 6793 645 2331 1364 3098 1904 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7578 6858 720 2050 305 4503 1905 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7994 7373 62I 2I53 278 4942 1906 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8145 7679 466 2279 252 5I48 1907 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8320 7852 468 2359 393 5100 I9QS .. ... ............ á á á ... á á á á 
845I 8o10 44I 24I2 304 5294 I909 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8872 84g6 376 263I 279 5586 I9IO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9I32 8884 248 28,30 290 5764 I91I .......... á á . . . á á á á á á á á á á á á 
9402 918o 222 2976 408 5796 1912 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9588 9227 361 3203 320 5704 I9I3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I0009 9700 309 3545 328 5827 Schoolroom Usage __s_ 7 ~~ 3400 3552 3715 39II 4274 5o67 5389 5758 5998 6514 7I72 7496 80' 7(}"1> 6o' I 5fJt. f(J& 30~ ., 2(}"1> $ ltr.6 
0*. 
á~~ UNITED STATES ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ .... SSt 8 -~.1903 1754 I854 2038 I682 152I I 1304 I458 1733 I354 I003 884 SSSt 9 938 1487 I289 I424 I723 I264 I317 I28o *Column 3, "not used," includes all ca~s where it i~ not known that speech is l!sed ns a means of instruction. t Columns 5 and 8 include unclassified cases taught by SS. t Columns 6 and 9 include unclassified cases tau~rht bysss. The figures on which the diagrams are based are given in each case immediately under them and the columns are numbered to correspond to the curves upon the diagrams. r. Total taught Speech. (S,.mmDtion of all cases.) 2. Speech ,.sed as a means of instruction (with or without Spelling or Signála,.guage). v:ra (90)3á Taught Speech, but Speech not used a¥ a means of instruction. C n wn on dia m. Digitized by Coogle Line 4, hi'¥ Ol'al Jr&etho4. L1ae 7. Oral Method in 8ohoolárooa. ÈoUH Unaa ahow achoolároo. uaap. NUMBER OF PUPILS. Taught by Speech Schoolroom UsageTaught S~eeh Not Speech Used Used* s ss sss s ss sssYear PERCENTAGE OF PUPILS. -. -.- - -.-. -.- - ---. I  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  - - -.-.- - --.- - - - -.-. Ifl99 . . . .. ...... .. . . ..... . .. . ...  404  330  I4  225  64  4I  ~=:::::: ::: : ::: ::::: :::::: ::: ! I902 ¥.... . ... ...... .. . ... . .. .. ' 1903 .. .. .. .. ... .... ... ......... 1904 .............. ..... .. . .. . . 1905 ..............¥... 19Q6 ........ . ... . . ... . . ..... . ..  434 384 393 387 354 346 4o8  4II 361 377 367 282 273 296  23 23 I6 20 72 73 112  247 25I ISo 183 I79 I74 183  20 8 75 93 75 76 69  144 I02 I22 91 28 23 41  250 283 259 255 254  20 2I --- I07 63 23 IS 42  I907 . . .. ....................... 19QS .... . .¥. ..... ..... . ........ 1909 .. .. . .. . ...... . .......... .. 1910 ..... ..................... 1911 .. . ........... . .... . ...... . I9I2 .......... ... ¥.¥..¥.¥. ..... I9I3 ...................¥.....  42I 487 483 49I 517 549 sss  30I 386 381 4I2 451 521 542  I20 IOI 102 79 66 28 I6  246 27I I93 286 322 3I7 32I  -22 94 23 --- 55 93 94 I03 I29 204 22I  259 333 300 395 42.5 455 475  8 I3 I6 IO 22 -62  34 40 5 7 4 66 5  I899 . ....................¥... .. I900 .. . ... ........... . ......... I90I .. ... ........... áááááááá I902 .... . . . ...... ........... . .. I903 .......... ..... .. .. ........  52. I 55á4 48.8 49 -2 51.8  42.6 52.5 45á9 47.2 49-I  1.8 2.9 2.9 2.0 2.7  29.0 31.5 31.9 22.6 24.5  8.3 2.6 1.0 9á4 I2.4  5á3 I8.4 I3.0 IS .3 I2.2  31.4 37.8  2.6 2.8  '3á4 !!.4  1904 .. . ........................  48 .2  38á4  9á8  24á4  10.2  3.8  35á3  - 3á I  I905 . ....¥ ........ .. ¥¥... ... . I9Q6. ¥ . . . ¥. ¥ ¥ ¥ . . ¥ . . .. . ¥ ....... . 1907 ...... . ............ .. ...... I9QS ..... ¥.. ¥.....¥............ 1909 ..¥¥.¥.¥.. . ..... . . .... ..... 1910 ...¥...... ................. I9II .......... áááááááááá ... . ... 19I2 .. .... ... ... . ............. I9I3 ¥¥... .. ................ . ...  49á5 55á4 55á7 6o.o 6o.8 6o.9 01.5 66.3 66.6  39áI 40.2 39á8 47á5 48.o SI.I 53á7 62.9 64.7  I0.4 IS. 2 I5á9 I2.5 I2.8 9á8 7á8 3á4 1.9  24.9 24 .8 32á5 33á4 24á3 35á5 38á3 38á3 38á3  J0.9 9á4 -2.7 II.9 2.9 --- 3á3 6.0 7á3 II.4 II .8 I2.8 IS.4 24.6 26.4  36.s 34á5 34á2 41.0 45á4 49á0 50.6 ss.o s6.7  -á -I. I 1.6 2.0 1.2 2.6 -7-4  2.6 5á7 4á5 4á9 o.6 o.S o.s 1á9 o.6  <4-Taught by Speech (no Spelling, no Sign.Janguage). Sá Taught by Speech and S_pelling (no Signálanguage). 6. Taught by Speech, Spelhng, and Signálanguage. SCHOOLROOM UsAGE. (Without reference to outside instruction.) 1á Taught by Speech (no Spelling, no Signálanguage). 8. Tauglat by Speech and Spelling (no Signálanguage). 
9á Taucht by Speech, Spelling, and Signálanguage. (91) 
Digitized byGoogle TABLE I.-SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF IN THE UNITED STATES Arranged alphabetically according to location <:0 ~ Official Name of School Chief Executive Officer Alabama....... Talladega.................................... 
Alabama School for the pea£,. ........: ...... ... 
Joseph H. Johnson. M.A., LL.D. Arizona ........ Tucson.......... ............................ School for the Deaf, Umversrty of Anzona..... Henry C. White, B. A. Arkansas....... Little Rock .................................. Arkansas Deaf-Mute Institute.................. Isaac B. Gardner. 
California.....¥ Berkeley . .................................... 
California Institution for the Deaf and the Blind. L. E. Milligan, M. A. do......... Los Angeles .......................... ....... Los Angeles Day-School for the Deaf..... ... ... Mary E. Bennett. do... ...... Oakland....... Seventeenth and West Sts.... Oakland Oral Public School for the Deaf.. ...... Emma M. Firth. do......... ... . do ......... 4002 Telegraph Ave........... St. Joseph's ~chool for the Deaf. .. ....... .. ... . Sister M. Louis. 
do........¥ Sacramento.... Twenty-seventh and G Sts. . . 
Sacramento Day-School for the Deaf. . . . . . . . . . . Alice Jenkins. do......... San Francisco.. Golden Gate Av., nr. Pierce St.. San Francisco Day-School for the Deaf........ Mrs. Jennie B. Holden. 
Colorado......¥ Col. Springs ................................. 
Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind .... W. K. Argo, M.A., LL.D. Connecticut.... Hartford.................................... American School for the Deaf. ............... .. Job Williams, M. A., L. H. D. ""'i 
do......... Mystic...................................... 
Mystic Oral School for the Deaf................ Tobias Brill. :J::: 
Dist. Columbia. Washington... Kendall Green................ 
Columbia Institution for the Deaf............... Percival Hall, M.A. t'r1 Comprising { Kendall School for the Deaf. . . . . . . Lym'!n Stead, M. A. ""! and Gallaudet College ..... . .. ... . . Percival Hall, M. A. O Florid_a........ St. Augustine ................................ Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind . ..... A. H. Walker, B. A. t"-< Georgia........ Atlanta....... Ashby Street................. Atlanta Day School for the Deaf. ... . ........... Mrs. Sara S. Temple. ""'i 
do......... Cave Spring................................. 
Georgia School for the Deaf.................... Wesley 0 . Connor. ~ do.. . . . . . . . Macon.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Miss Arbaugh's School for Deaf Children . ...... Laura L. Arbaugh. Idaho.......... Gooding..................................... Idaho State School for the Deaf and the Blind .. William E. Taylor M.A. ~ Illinois ......... Chicago....... Ashland and Wabansia .Sts... Burr Public Day-Sc~ool for the Deaf. ... ...... á1 ' t'r1 do.............do......... Cal. Ave., near Wabansm St.. . Bernard Moos Pubhc Day-School for the Deaf. ""! 
do......... ... . do ......... Che~tnut and N. State Sts... . 
Ogden Public Day-School for the Deaf.......... til 
do.............do......... Harri~on, near Halstead St.. . 
Dore ~ub!ic Da:r-School for the Deaf........... . ~ 
do.............do......... Ingleside Ave .. and 54th ~t. ... 
J<;ozmmskt. Pubhc Day-School for the Deaf..... MISS Mary McCowen, B. D.r do............. do ......... r7th bet. Loomis and Lafhn Sts. ]trka Public Day-School for the Deaf. .. ....... . 
0 do.............do......... 67th St. and Stewart Ave.... Parker Practice Public Day-Schoolfor the Deaf. 
ci5" do . ........ ....do......... 3rst and Loomis Sts......... Holden Public Day-School for the Deaf. . ..... .
""N. do.............do......... 2rst Place and California AYe.. Hammond Public Day-School for the Deaf.... . 
~ do........ .....do......... Belmont and 40th Aves ........ Ephpheta School for the Deaf.................. Annie M. Larkin. 
'< IT do.. .... .......do.. ...... . 6ssoYale&67s6Norma!Aves. McCowen Home for Young Deaf Children ...... Mrs. Cornelia B. Eggers. 
(") do. . . . . ... Jacksonville. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Illinois School for the Deaf. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Charles P. Gillett. 
~ do......... Rock Island ... . 7th Ave. and 22d St.......... Rock Island Day-School for the Deaf ........... Meta C. Wittig.
0 Indiana........ Indianapolis................................. Indiana State School for the Deaf. ............. Richard Otto Johnson. 
Iowa........... Council Bluffs ............................... Iowa School for the Deaf. ..... ................ Henry W. Rothert. 
Kansas ......... Olathe ....................................... Kansas School for the Deaf.................... Cyrus E. White, M.A. 
Kentucky...... Danville..................................... Kentucky School for the Deaf.................. Augustus Rogers, M. A. 
rv-Louisiana...... Baton Rouge ................................. Louisiana State School for the Deaf... . . . . . . . . . W. S. Holmes. 
do......... Chinchuba..... St. Tammany Parish......... Deaf-Mute Institute of the Holy Rosary........ Sister M. Athanasia. 
Maine ......... Port)and...... 79-9I Spring. St. .............. Maine School for the Deaf. .................. .. Elizabeth R. Taylor. 
Maryland...... Baltimore..... 85r-853 Holhns St............ F. Knapp's Institute ............................ William A. Knapp. 
do.............do.........I Woodland Ave., Irvington. . .. St. Francis Xavier's School for the Deaf. ........ Mother M. Michael. 
do......... Frederick City .I ............................ .. Maryland School for the Deaf and Dumb.... . .. Charles R. Ely, M.A. Ph. D. 
do.¥....... Kensington................................ .. Home School for Little Deaf Children .......... Anna C. Reinhardt. ' 
do..¥¥.¥... Parkville¥¥¥............................. . . .. Maryland School for the Colored Blind and Deaf. John F. Bledsoe, M.A. 
Massachusetts.. Beverly........ II3 Elliott St.............. ... New England Industrial School for Deaf-Mutes. Louise Upham. 
do......... Boston.¥¥¥¥.¥. 178 Newbury St.............. Horace Mann School. ......................... Ella C. Jordan. 
do......... Northampton........................... ... .. Clarke School for the Deaf. .................... Caroline A. Yale, LL.D., L. H. D. 
do......... Randolph...... North Main St............. . Boston School for the Deaf. .................... M. J. Splaine. 
do......... West Medford. 1 93 Woburn St. .. .. ......... .. Sarah Fuller Home for Little Deaf Children .... Eliza L. Clarke. 
Michigan...... Bay City .....áárá........................... .. Bay City Day-School for the Deaf............. . Lydia M. Cooke. 
do......... Calu~J!et. .... . . . ..... . ................... . . .. Calu!T!et Day-School ~or the Deaf. ............. Katharine Fitzgerald,. 
do......... Detro1t........ Abbot St., near 8th......... .. Detro1t Day-School for the Deaf................ Gertrude Van Adestme. 
do......... Flint......... ., .............................. Michigan School for the Deaf................. Francis D. Clarke, M.A., L. H. D. 
do......... Grand Rapids .. 164 N. Division Ave .... ...... Grand Rapids Oral School for the Deaf and 
Hard-of-Hearing............................. Marcia Heath. 
do......... Houghton........................... ........ Houghton Day School for the Deaf. ........... Matilda M. McGinty. 
do......... Iron Mountain ............... ................ Iron Mountain Day-School for the Deaf. ....... Ida Gleason. 
do¥..¥..¥¥¥ Ironwood..... .............................. Ironwood Day-School for the Deaf............. Anna M. Poulsen. 
do......... Jackson ..................................... Jackson Day-School for the Deaf. .............. Mrs. Caroline Shaw. ~ 
t't!do......... Kalamazoo.... 919 W. North St.. ........... . Kalamazoo Day-School for the Deaf. ........... Jessie Banford. 
do......... L'Anse.. .................................... 
do......... Manistee...... Union School. ........ ....... 
do......... Marquette................................... 
do......... North Detroit ................................ 
do......... Saginaw..... . South \Veadock Ave ........ .. 
do. .. ...... Sault Ste. Marie .. . ....................... . . .. 
do......... Traver~e City.. Boardman School. ......... .. 
Minnesota ..... Faribault.... .. .............................. 
Mississippi..... Jackson ..................................... 
Missouri .. ..... Fulton.................................... .. 
L'Anse Day-School for the Deaf................ Lora Hunter. 
"'! Manistee Day-School for the Deaf. ............. Harriet I. Sanford. 0 
Marquette Day-School for the Deaf. ........... Florence E. Spalding. t-o 
Evangelical Lutheran Deaf-Mute Imtitnte..... . Rev. William Gielow, B. A. 
Saginaw Oral Day-School for the Deaf ... . ..... Etta E. MacFarlane. ~ 
Sault Ste. Marie Day-School for the Deaf ...... Jessie L. Thew. 
:::0Traverse City Day-School for the Deaf......... Annie McQuillan. 
t't!Minnesota School for the Deaf................. James N. Tate, M. A., LL. D. 
1\Jississipi Institution for the Deaf.............. J. R. Dobyns, M. A., LL. D. 
~ Missouri School for the Deaf.. . ... . ........... . 
do......... St. Louis .. ..... 901 N. Garrison Ave.......... Immaculate Conception School for the Deaf. .... 
do.. ...........do......... 3435 Henrietta St.. ......... .. Gallaudet School. .............................. 
Montana.... . .. Boulder.. .. . . .. ... ........................ .. 
Nebraska...... Omaha...................................... 
New Jersey.... JerseyCity .. .. Coles St... ............ ..... .. 
do......... Newark....... James St. School. ............ 
do ..... .. Trenton.................................... . 
0 New Mexico ... Sante Fe..................................... 
ci5" New York...... Albany........ 98 N. Pine Ave .. . .. .... .. .. .. 
"" do......... Brooklyn...... II3 Buffalo Ave.............
N. ~ IT do......... do......... St. Nicholas Ave.& Suydam St .. 
'< do......... Buffalo........ 2253 Main St.. ............... 
(") do.. . ...... Elmhurst. ... .. Orchard Ave. and Fifth St.. ..0 do......... Fordham...... 772 East 188th St............. 
~ do......... Malone...................................... 
-rv Montana School for the Deaf and Blind ......... Nebraska School for the Deaf.................. Jersey City Public Day-School for the Deaf..... Newark School for the Deaf. ................... New Jersey School for the Deaf................ New Mexico Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb .. . Albany Horne Sch. for Oral Instr. of the Deaf. .. Branch of St. Joseph's Institution for the Im.proved Instruction of Deaf-Mutes........... Public School No. 162 (Classes for the Deaf) ... Le Couteulx St. Mary's Institution for the Im.proved Instruction of Deaf-Mutes........... Public School No. 89 (Classes for the Deaf) .. . . Branch of St. Joseph's Institution for the Im.proved Instruction of Deaf-Mutes........... Northern New York Institution for Deaf-Mutes. S. Tefft Walker, M.A. 
Sisters of St. Joseph. ~ 
Rev. James H. Cloud, M. A. 
H. J. Menzemer, M.A. F. W. Booth, B.S. 
Grace Thayer. 
Grace L. Wright. 
John P. Walker, M. A. 
W. 0. Connor, Jr., M. A. 
Mary McGuire. 
N. Frances O'Connor. 
M. Lizzie Donohoe. 
Sister Mary Anne Burke. Carrie W. Kearns. (0Mary A. Kennedy. 0:1 Edward C. Rider. TABLE 1.-CoNTINun>.-SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF IN THE UNITED STATES State or Town Street or DistrictTerritory NewYork. . ... New York..... 225 E. 23d St. ... ............ . 
do............ . do ......... 
904 Lexington Ave ........... 
do.............do......... 
I, 2, and 3, Mt. Morris Park W. do.............do.. ....... 
Fort Wash. Ave. & W. 163d St.. do.............do......... 
534 W. r87th St. . . . . . . . . . . . . Official Name of School Public School No. 47ááááá áááááááááááááááááááááá Inst. for Improved Instruction of Deaf-Mutes... Wright Oral School. . ... . ... . . . ......... ....... New York In~t. for Instr. of pea£ and _Dumb.... Ren? Margul~es School for C tldren wtth Defect.:ve Heanng............................... . 945 N. St. Paul St.. .......... Western New York Inst. for Deaf-Mutes ....... 
do......... Rome....... .. 
do........á1 Rochester.... . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Central New York lnst. for Deaf-Mutes.. ..... . do....... .. Westchester.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Branch of St. Joseph's Inst. for the Improved 
Instruction of Deaf-Mutes........ ....... .. 
North Carolina Morganton ..................... ............. North Carolina School for the Deaf and Dumb.. 
c:c H'.Chief Executive Officer Carrie W. Kearns. 
Harris Taylor, LL.D. 
John D. Wright, M. A. 
Enoch Henry Currier, M. A. 
Mrs. A. Reno Margulies. 
Z. F. Westervelt, LL. D. Elbert A. Gruver, M. A. Rose A. Fagan. E. McK. Goodwin, M. A. do......... Raleil!'h ........ 
. ........ ..... .. . . ....... ..... North Carolina School for the Blind and Deaf.. John.!!:. Ray, M.A. "-1 North Dakota.. Devils Lake .... .............................. North Dakota School for the Deaf and Dumb... ]. W. Blattner, M. A. 
Ohio .. ......... Ashtabula..... Tyler Avenue ............. .. . Ashtabula Day-School for the Deaf. ........... . Ethel Owens. ~ 
do......... Cincinnati. .... Gilbert and Yale Aves ......... Miss Breckenridge's School. .................... Mary S. Breckenridge. 
"'!do.............do......... 321 East Sixth St .............. Notre Dame School for the IJeaf ............... Sister Mary of the Sacred Heart. 
0do.............do......... Main and Woodward Sts..... Cincinnati Oral School. .. ...................... Virginia A. Osborn. 
1 t-<do......... Cleveland.áááá 23!:10 E. 55th St. ........ ..... Cleveland Public School for the Deaf........... Grace C. Burton, M. A. 
do......... Columbusá á á á á . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ohio State School for the Deaf............... .. J. W. Jones, M. A. ;: 
do......... Conneaut . .. áá. Main and School Sts......... Conneaut Oral School. ......................... Helena P. Newman, B. A. 
do......... Dayton.ááááááá rst and St. Clair Sts......... Dayton Day-School for the Deaf. ... .. . ... . ..... Nannie C. Kennedy. 
do... ...... Toledo.ááááááá Walbridge and Broadway Ave. Toledo Day-School for the Deaf. ............... Nora Hisey. Si 
Oklahoma...... Sulphur...... á .............................. Oklahoma School for the Deaf .................. A. A. Stewart. 
do......: .. Taft. ........ á .............................. Industrial Institution for the Deaf, Blind, and ~ 
Orphans of the Colored Race ............... . S. Douglas Russell. 
~ Oregon.......áJ Portland ..... . East 12th and Ankeny Sts ....... Portland Day-School for the Deaf.............. . Anna Sullivan. 
0 do......... Salem........ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Oregon School for the Deaf. .................. . Edward S. Tillinghast, B. A. 
c(j' Pennsylvania... Edgewood P'k . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Western Penna. Inst. for the Instruction of the 
N."" Deaf and Dumb. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . William N. Burt, M. A., Ph. D. co CL do......... Philadelphia... Belmont and Monument Aves. Home for the Training in Speech of Deaf Chil..S{ dren before they are of School Age. . . . . . . . Mary S. Garrett. 
do.............do .. ....... Mount Airy................¥ Pennsylvania Institution for the Deaf and Dumb. A. L. E. Crouter, M. A., LL. D. 
CJ do......... Pittsburgh.... Castlegate Ave., Brookline .... De Paul Institute for Deaf-Mutes.............. Sister Mary Cecelia. 
0 do......... Scranton.................................... Pennsylvania Oral School for the Deaf. ........ Kate H. Fish. 
a do......... Swarthmore... Chester R'd and Ogden Ave .. Swarthmore School and Kinderrzarten for the Deaf Mrs. ]. Scott Anderson. 
Rhode Island ... Providence.... 520 Hope St. ................ Rhode Island Institute for the Deaf. ............ Edwin G. Hurd, M. A. 
South Carolina. Cedar Spring...... ........... .. ............. South Carolina Inst. for the Education of the
-I'V Deaf and the Blind......................... Newton F. Walker, LL.D. 
South Dakota. á1 Sioux Falls .... ............................. . South Dakota School for the Deaf. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Howard W. Simpson. 
do......... Lead..........1514 Main St. ............... .. Black Hills School for the Deaf. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Miss F. L. Willhoyte. 
Tennessee...... Knoxville ..... ............................. . Tennessee Deaf and Dumb School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Thomas L. Moses. 
Texas.......... Austin..... . . .............. . . . .............. Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum ................. Tunis V. Archer, M.A. 
do .............do ..¥.................................. .. Deaf, Dumb and Blind Inst. for Colored Youth. áI J. H. Stewart. 
Utah .........¥. Ogden.... ¥...... ............................ Utah School for the Deaf and the Blind ......... Frank M. Driggs, M.A. 
Vermont. ...... Brattleboro.................................. Austine Institution for the Deaf and Blind ...... Helen G. Throckmorton. 
Virginia....... Newport News ¥.. .......................¥.¥¥¥ Va. St. School for Colored Deaf & Blind Children William C. Ritter. 
do......... Staunton.................................¥¥¥ Virginia School for the Deaf and the Blind ..¥. William A. Bowles. 
Washington... Seattle........ 18th South and Main Sts .. . ... Seattle Day-School for the Deaf.¥¥........... Emily Simpkins. 
do ........ Tacoma...... . St. Helens Ave. and 54th St. .. Tacoma Day-School for the Deaf............... Elizabeth A. Ahnefeldt. 
do......... Vancouver ..................... .............. Washington State School for the Deaf and Blind .. Thomas P. Clarke. 
West Virginia .. Romney . .................................... West Virginia School for the Deaf and Blind ...... R. Cary Montague. 
\V isconsin. . . . . Antigo. . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. . . . . . Antigo Day-School for the Deaf. . . . ¥ . . . . . . . . . . . Katharine C. Grimes. 
do........ . Appleton ..... . Sixth Ward Building......... Appleton Day-School for the Deaf .............. Hannah I. Gardner. 
do.. ... .... Ashland . ......, Seventh Ave. and Second St. ... Ashland Day-School for the Deaf ............... Margaret Clowry. 
do ....... .. Black R'r F'lls High School Building ......... Black River Falls School for the Deaf .... ...... Tillie Walden. 
do . ....... Bloomington...j . ¥¥¥ ¥ ¥¥¥ ¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ Bloomin~on Day-School for the Deaf .¥. ... .. .. Mabel G. Willett. 
do.. .. . .. .. Delavan..................................... Wisconsm State School for the Deaf ............ E. W. Walker. 
do........ Eau Claire ..... Second Ward Bldg............ Eau Claire Day-School for the Deaf ........... Jennie C. Smith. 
do......... Fond duLac... Grant School ................. Fond du Lac Day-School for the Deaf. ......... Anna Nugent. 
do ......... Green Bay ..... Ward School. ................ Green Bay Day-School for the Deaf. .......... M. Stella Flatley. 
do .... ..... La Crosse.... Eighth and Main Sts ......... La Crosse Day-School for the Deaf ............. Julia L. Dean. ~ 
do... ...... Madison ... .. . Doty School. ... . . . . . ....... . . Madison Day-School for the Deaf. . ..... . ...... Irene R. Flatley. 
"'!do.... .. .. Marinette.. .. .. Lincoln School ............... Marinette Day-School for the Deaf ............. Katharine F. Reed. 
ado ......... Marshfield................................... Marshfield School for the Deaf ................. Anna M. Condon. 
t-odo........ Milwaukee ..... Seventh and Prairie Sts ...... Milwaukee School for the Deaf ................ Frances Wettstein. 
do .. .. .. ... Mineral Point . . .. ... .... .. ............... . .. . Mineral Point School for the Deaf . . .. ... .. .. ... Josephine Pierce. ;: 
do . ........ New London ................................. New London Day-School for the Deaf .......... Carrie H. Archibal4. 
do ......... Oshkosh . ............. ....................... Oshkosh School for the Deaf ................... Agnes E. Sullivan. 
~ do. .. . . . . .. Platteville. .. . . .. .. . .. . .. .. . .. . .. .. .. .. . .. . .. Platteville Day-School for the Deaf. . . . . .. . .. . .. Lelah F. Brooke. 
do . ........ Racine........ McMynn School .............. Racine Day-School for the Deaf ................ Bessie M. Everhard. 
do......... Rice Lake . ................................... Rice Lake Day-School for the Deaf ............ Faye Kingsbury. ~ 
do . ........ St. Francis .... .............................. St. John's Institute for Deaf-Mutes ............. Rev. M. M. Gerend. 
~ do ......... Sheboygan.... Second Ward School. . ....... Sheboygan Day-School for the Deaf ............ Mabel Rusch. 
do ......... Stevens Point. ............................... Stevens Point Day-School for the Deaf . ...... .. E. Ellen MacNees. 
do ......... Wausau ....... Scott and 6th Sts . ...... ..... Wausau Day-School for the Deaf ..¥...¥..¥..... Etta R. Gault. 
do......... West Superior. Howe School ......... ........ Superior Day-School for the Deaf...... . . . . . . . . May E. Duggan. 
0 SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF IN CANADAci5" N."" ~ Manitoba...... Winnipeg.......... ......................... Institution for the Deaf and Dumb ............¥. Howard]. McDermid, M.D. 
'< IT New Brunsw'k. St. John ...... . Lancaster Heights............ New Brunswick School for the Deaf. .......¥... Jos. Keating. 
Nova Scotia ... . Halifax....... .............................. Halifax Institution for the Deaf and Dumb ...... James Fearon. 
(") Ontario . ....... Belleville . .................... ..............¥ Ontario Institution for the Deaf and Dumb ...¥.. Chas. B. Coughlin, M. D. 
0 Quebec . ....... Montreal. ..... 595 St. Denis St .............. Catholic Female Deaf and Dumb Institution ..... Sister Bertille. 
do . ............do......... 1941 Rue St. Dominique. ..... Catholic Male Deaf-Mute Institution .. .......... Rev. ]. M. Cadieux, C. S. V. 
do............. do ......... Notre Dame de Grace St..... Mackay Inst. for Prot. Deaf-Mutes and Blind .... fdrs. Harriet E. Ashcroft. <:0
~ '------01-rv TABLE H.-SPEECH-TEACHING IN AMERICAN SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF, MARCH I, I913 '8, ScHOOLS FOR THE DEAF IN THE UNITED STATES Arranged alphabetically according to location -NUMBER OF PUPILS Total 
Query 9 
164 25 264 157 36 12 23 II 27 152 144 59 79 50 86 10 130 8 49 42 43 18 19 10 14 104 12 8 90 38 .JOS 8 303 22.... -'37 .l\2 TaughtSpeech 72 20 112 84 36 12 I9 II 27 &> 118 59 70 50 48 10 98 8 46 42 43 I8 19 10 14 104 12 8 75 38 335 8 221 123 t26 173 SpeechNot Taught 
Query 8 
92 5 152 73 --4 --66 26 -9 -38 -32 3 ---------15 70 -82 101 tJ I ¥<"><> TAUGHT SPEECH Spe-echUsanas a means of instrucá tion 72 20 112 84 36 12 I9 II 27 &> III 59 70 so 48 10 98 8 46 42 43 18 19 10 14 104 12 8 75 38 335 8 221 12J .~) 17,'\ SpeechNot Ussnas a means of iná struction Query 7 ----------7 -------------------------Not stated whether used or not ---------------------------------.. . .s In Schoolroom s outside Query 1 ----36 12 -II 27 --59 -4 ---8 -42 43 IS 19 10 14 104 12 8 -38 -8 ---SPIUtCH USED AS A MEANS OF INSTRUCTION s I sin in Schoolroom Schoolroom ssoutside Query 2 -----------------------------------. .. sssoutside Query 3 72 -II2 :z8 -----86 97 --35 48 -98 -34 ---------75 -108 -221 123 53 173 ssin Schoolroom ss outside Query 4 ------4 ------II ---------á -.-----------. -. ssin Schoolroom sss outside Query s sssin Schoolroom sss outside Query6 --20----s6 ------IS ------14 ---70 -I .I-10 12 .--á.------227-------24 49-Unclauiá fied -------------------------------------0 ci5" N."" ~ IT '< (") 0 ~.rv Ala. 
Ariz. 
Ark. 
Cal. 
" " " " " Col. Conn. " D.C. " Fla. Ga. " " Idaho Jll. " " Ind. 
Iowa 
Kan. 
Ky. Talladega School.. . . . .. ... .. . ... Tucson School (I) ... .... ....... Little Rock School (2) . .... .... . Berkeley School ( 17) ..... ...... Los Angeles School. . . . .. ... .. .. Oakland, 17th & West St. School. " Teleg. Ave. School. . . . Sacramento School.. . .. ... . .... . San Francisco School. .... . ..... Colorado Springs School. . .... . . . Hartford School. . .. .. ..... . . . .. Mystic School ...... .... ... ..... Washington, Gallaudet College(3) " Kendall School (3) . St. Augustine School.. .... . . . . . . Atlanta School .. .... . .... . . .. . . Ca 1ác Spring School. . . .. . . . . .... Macon School. . . . . ... . .... .. . ... Gooding School .. .. . .. . .. ...... . Chic31go Schools: U) Ashland & Wabansia Sts. . .... Cal. Ave. near vVahansia St.. . Chestnut and N. State Sts..... Harrison near Halstead St. . . . Ingleside Ave. & 54th St ...... 17th bet. Loomis & Laflin Sts.. 67th St. & Stewart Ave .. . . .... 31st & Loomis Sts.. .......... . 21st Pl. & California Ave.... ¥¥ Belmont & 40th Ave. School(5) 6550 Yale Ave. &6756 Normal Ave. School. ..... ...... .... Jacksonville School.. . .. ¥.. . ... . . Rock Island School.¥............ Indianapolis School. .. .......... Council Bluff¥ School.. ..... . . ... Olathe School¥¥.... .. .. .. . ..... . Danvitte School. ..... . ......... . 
0 ci5" N."" a. "' IT '< (") 0 La. " Me. 
Md. 
" " Mass. " " Mich. " " " " " " " " " Minn. Miss. Mo. " " Mont. Neb. N.J. " " N.M. N. Y... " " " " ~ " N. Y. -rv ~ " .. Baton Rouge School. ........... Chinchuba School. .............. Portland School ................ Baltimore, Hollins St. School. ... " Woodland Ave. Sch .. Frederick City School. .......... Kensington School. .............. Parkville School (6) .. .... ...... Beverly School.. ................ Boston, Horace Mann School ... Northampton School. ....... .... Randolph School. .... ... 0 ¥¥¥¥¥¥ West Medford School.. ......... 
Bay City School. ............... . 
Calumet School ................. 
Detroit School ........... ....... 
Flint School. .................... 
Grand Rapids School. ... ...... . . 
Houghton School.. .............. 
Iron Mountain School. .......... 
Ironwood School.. ........... ... 
Jackson School.. ............... 
Kalamazoo School. ............. 
L'Anse School .................. 
Manistee School.. ...... . ... . .... 
Marquette School ............... 
North Detroit School. .......... 
Saginaw School (7) ............ 
Sault Ste. Marie School ........ . 
Traverse City School ...... ...... 
Faribault School ( r8) . ......... 
Jackson School................. . 
Fulton School .................. 
St. Louis, Garrison Ave. Sch.(17) 
" Henrietta St. Sch. (8) . Boulder School. . . ..... ..... .... Omaha School. ................. Jersey City School. ........... . . Newark School .. ... ............ Trenton School (9) ............. Santa Fe School. ............. . Albany School ................. Brooklyn, Buffalo Ave. School. " St. Nicholas Ave. Sch Buffalo School. ................ Elmhurst School .......... . ... .. Fordham School . . .. ........... . Malone School ( 17) ............ N.Y., 225 E. 23d St. School. ..... " 904 Lexington Ave. School. 1, 2, & 3 Mt. Morris Park" West School. ...........I 
140 .tJ l!J 2'5 30 102 10 42 27 133 !56 146 II 7 12 79 298 27 4 3 9 7 4 5 10 7 29 II 7 9 257 r87 2¢ 72 55 49 100 10 56 I'S(} 37 52 TOO 18 162 8 137 91 2z6 242 'Jij 37 29 lOS 25 30 61 10 30 27 133 IS(} q6 II 7 12 79 201 27 4 3 9 7 4 5 10 7 21 II 7 9 166 so 137 46 55 29 100 9 55IJ8 29 52 100 18 159 8 137 91 226 242 'Jij IOJ 12 8 --41 12 ------I 	.-I 97 ---------8 ---91 137 159 26 á.20 6o I -18 8 ---3 ------37 29 105 25 30 61 10 30 27 133 IS(} 146 II 7 12 79 201 27 4 3 9 7 4 5 10 7 21 II 7 9 166 -137 16 35 29 79 9 55IJ8 29 52 100 18 159 8 137 91 226 242 26 -----á ----------------------------20 -21 -----------------á.-------------------------so -30 --------------
0.--1 I -I 25 -0.I .10 --I I 27 133 IS(} q6 II 7 12 
79 
--I 27 
4 
3 
9 7 
4 
5 
10 
7 
-I 	-I II 7 9 -------
-
5 -46 -9 55 -----52 --
18 
14 
--
-á 
8 -51 -226 242 25 -.) -.4 61 - I I I  ------ I I I  ---.26 30  I  37 ..!5 105  - I  - I  - I  201  9  I  - I  - 12  166 94 -9 12 17  ----. ---17 16  43 -21  I  16  ---100 --137 - I I  --40  I I  -29 14'5  I  IJ8 - TABLE II-CoNTIN17KD.-5PEECH-TEACHING IN AMBR.ICAN SCHOOLS FOR. THB DEAF, MARCH I, 1913 'a ISCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF NUMB:SR OF PUPILS TAUGHT SPEECH SPEECH USED AS A MEANS OF INSTRUC'l'ION IN  - -----. NI THE U TED STATES  Total  Taught  SpeechNot  Sp<ech Us&o as a means  SpeechNot usaoas a means  Not stated whether  S S S SS SS in in in in in Schoolroom Schoolroom Schoolroom Schoolroom Schoolroom S SS SSS SS SSS  SSS in Schoolroom SSS  ¥ ¥. á U 1 . nc asst- Arranged alphabetically according to 1 t'  Speech  Taught  1 s~~uc.n .  ofi~.struchon  used or not  outside  outside  outside  outside  outside  outside  fie<!  oca lOll  Query 9  Query ~  tton  Query 7  Query 1  Query 2  Query 3  Query 4  Query 5  Query 6  N.Y.  N. Y., Fort Washington Ave. &  West 163d St. School. ...  .f9I  .+9T  -. 339  152  - - - 339  - - - - "  "  534 West 187th St. School.  15  15  - 15  - - 1.5  - - - - - - " "  Rochester School... .... . ........ Rome School.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  167 93  167 8..!  -9  I  167 8..!  -- -- -- -84  -- r67 - -- -- -- "  Westchester  School. . . . . . . . . . . . .  28o  28o  - 2&>  - -. - - - - 28o  - - N.C.  Mor~anton School. ............ ..  243  192  51  192  - -. 73  - 119  - - - - " N. p.Ohto  Raletgh School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Devils Lake School.. . . . .. . ... ... Ashtabula School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  106 89 6  49 62 6  57 27 - 49 62 6  --- --- 28 -6  21 -- -62 - --- --- --- --- "  Cin'nati, Gilbert & Yale A,áes. Sch.  2  2  - 2  - -á  2  - - - - - - ¥á  "  321 E. 6th St. School. . . .  10  ro  - ro  - - - - - - - Io  - "  "  Main & Vv'oodward  Sts.  "  School ( 17)... ........ Cleveland School (to) .... .......  38 if)  38 if)  -- 38 if)  -- á - 38 95  -- -- -I  -- -- -- "  Columbus School.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  -18o  292  188  28..!  8  - - - 282  - - 2  - "  Conneaut School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  6  6  - 6  - - 6  - - - - - - "  Dayton School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  ro  10  - 10  - - 10  - - - - - - "  Toledo School.. .. . . .. . .. . . . .. .  r 1  II  - 11  - - II  - - - - - - Okla.  Sulphur School.. ... .... .. .. . ... .  20.1  8r  122  8 r  - - - - 81  - -. - -. 0 c(j' ""N. co CL  " Ore. á¥ Penn.  Taft School.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Portland School ( 11 )..... . ... . Salem School (17). .. . .... ...... Edgewood Park School. . . . . . . . . .  18 21 &'i 2-18  -19 52 228  18 2 3-1 20  -T9 52 2~  ---- ---- -.19 -- ---- ---228  ---- ---- ---- --52 - .S{  "  Phila.,  Belmont  &  Monument  CJ 0  " "  Aves. School.... . .... . " Mt. Airy School. ...... . Pittsburgh School. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  65 532 64  65 532 64  --- 65 532 64  --- --- 65 532 64  ¥  --- --- --- á.-- -.-- --- a- " " R. I.  Scranton School ( 12)....... . . . . Swar~hmore School. . . . . . . . . . . . . Provtdence School. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  100 5 89  roo 5 89  -.-- 100 5 89  --- --- 100 5 8o  --- --- --- --- --- --- I'V  S. C.  Cedar Springs School.... .... .. .  138  6o  78  6o  - - - - 6o  - - - - S. D.  Sioux Falls School.. . . . . . . . . . . . .  &'i  53  33  53  - - - - 53  - - - - "  Lead School... ........ . . .... . . .  2  2  - z  - - 2  - - - - - - Tenn.  Knoxville School.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  269  102  167  102  - --á  - - 93  -. 9  - - Tex. Austin School (for colored)..... " Austin School (for whites) ..... \l.ll!h-Qgsl_ct> Scho9l ( r3). ,. ... .......  40 391 H .2  20 249 103  20 142 .9.  20 249 l_Q~  --, l  --- --¥=. -- -T73 ..83.-. .  --- - - ---J.£L  20 ;6 -- ---. 0 ci5' N."" ~ IT '< (") 0 ~ ~ 
Vt. Brattleboro School (14) ......... ' 23 I 2J 
--2J -Va. Newport News School (15) ... . . 75 .-75á¥ Staunton School............. . ... 18o 136 
13344 3 Wash. Seattle School.. ................. 28 28 
28--Tacoma School.. ¥............ ... I.2 I 12 
-12 -" .. Vancouver School (17) . ...... . . 125 -7289 37 W. V. Romney School (I6) ....... . . . . . 
-72J.t5 73 73IWis. Antigo School................... 1.2 12 
I2--" Appleton School. ....... . ...... . 1.2 I 1.2 
-I2 -" Ashland School. .......... . .... . 
q -I4 14 -" Black River Falls School ........ 
10 10 -10 -" Bloomington School............. 
8 8 8--" Delavan School .. ..... .. . ... ... . I2I I21170 -49" Eau Claire School.. . .. ...... . .. . --31 3I 31 " Fond du Lac School.. ......... . . II 
II II -" Green Bay School........... á á á .1 25 -25 --25 " La Crosse School. .............. : 6 
6 -6 -" Madison School. . .. . .. ...... á á á áI I4 -" Marinette School.. .... .. . . . . ... .1 I4 -I4 --9 9 9Marshfield School. ... . . .. . . .... . --" 5 5 5Milwaukee School.. .............I 128 I28 
-I28 -" .. Minera! Point School. ...á.... .. . --3 I 3 3New London School. ....... . . .. 
--" 9 9 9" Oshkosh School.. ............... II II 
II--" Platteville School. ............ .. 8 8 
-8 -.. Racine School.. ... ... . . ......... 12 
-1212 -IRice Lake School ............... 
-8 8 -" 8 ISt. Francis School. ......... ... . 
28 -" 87 59 59ISheboygan School. ...... .. .... . 13 -" 13 -13 " Stevens Point School ...... ... .. I2 12 12--!" Wausau School................ IS 
IS -IS -I" West Superior School.. .. ...... 6 6 6------!---.Number of pupils in 154 schools..... .. .212 Percentage " " " .. ..... 100.0 1 76.2 970013143 10009 31J.t 1.6 ---á-.CANADA 23.8 ' 73-9 á-.---1I Man. Winnipeg School.. . . . . . .. . . .. .. 97 -' 3131 66 N. B. St. John School. ................ 1 33 
24 ! .99 N.S. Halifax School.. ................ if> 
-I779 79 -123 I 123Il4)nt. Belleville School. ... á á . á á á á á á .. áI 237 P.Q. Montreal: á I595 St. Denis St. School.. .. ... I 16! -138138 23 -109Rue St. Dominique School . ... á1 I40 109 31 Notre Dame de Grace School. 62 769 574 á-.~.i 16 Percentage " " " .... . ..... 100.0 28oNumber of pupils in 7 schools... ...... áj 838 ss8 542 66.6 1.933á4 ! 64-7 23 --I -I I33 28 
I2 
Ii II .---I 44 I2 
12 
I4 
IO 
8 
--I I2I 31 II 25 
6 
I4 
9 
5 
I28 3 9 II 8 
I2 
8 
5 
I3 
12 
IS 
6 
á-------1.--.. 9~á7 I. 35~~~-1 . 10~-~ á-384~-3 I 223 1.7 --,1.á---á -á----I ~---á! --.-I ---31 I .79 123 138 
104 
______,_..._.1____1__'... _ 
321 -154 I 38-3 -18.4 72 29 5~ 661 II8o 140 I.Is.o 9-0 . ..----áá 1-----.5 62 á----á-------á----.6z 57-4 I¥ 0.6 TABLE IlL-SPEECH-TEACHING IN AMERICAN SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF, MARCH 1, 1913. United States Canada GENERAL .SUMMARY No. of Pupils TOTAL PUPILS.... . 13143áááááááááááááá áááááááá ááááááá .. . Taught Speech ¥.... . ~ . , .... . ..... . .... . ..... . . . 10009 Not taught Speech.. ........................... 3134 Per cent of Pupils  No. of Pupils  Per cent of Pupils  -.-- 100.0  838  100.0  76.2 23 .8  558 28o  66.6 33á4  TAUGHT SPEECH: Speech used as means-of instruction.... 9700 73-9 542 64á7.áááááááá Speech not used as means of instruction ....... . .. 212 
I.6 16 1.9 Not stated (whether used or not) ......... .....¥. 
SPitltCH USltD AS MltANS OF INSTRUCTION : In Schoolroom-Outside-S.................. S .................. . s.... .............. ss.... áááááááááááááá 
s.................. sss................. 
ss................. ss.................. 
ss... .. .. ...... .... sss................ 
sss.. ... ... ...... sss..... ............ 
Unclassified........ SSS.... .......... .. . 
97 3545 105 3846 223 661 u8o 140 0.7 27.0 321 38á3 o .S 29á3 154 18.4 1.7 5-0 62 7-4 9á0 5 o.6 1.1 , TABLE IV.-SPEECH-TEACHING IN AMERICAN SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF, 
MARCH I, 1913. 
United States Canada MBANS OF INSTRUCTION IN SCHOOL AND OUTSIDE. (See diagrams, pp. 90 and 91) No. of No. ofPer cent Per centPupils Pupils Diagrams Schoolroom Outside s........... s ... ............. . Line 4 . . . ...........¥¥Total S .......¥¥¥.¥......  3545 3545  321 321  s.......... . ss .........  ss..... ........ ... ss.... ........ .....  105 223  o.8 1.7  Line 5 . ¥. . . . ¥ . . . . . . .¥ ¥Total SS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  328  2.5  S ..........¥ SSS... ¥¥ . ¥. . . . . . . . . ss ......... sss..... .. ......... SSS ........ SSS.. , . .. . . . . . . . . . . Unclassified. SSS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -Line 6.. . ...... .......Total SSS.... . ..... . .....  3846 661 118o 140 -.-5827  29á3 5.0 9á0 I.I 44 -4  154 62 5 -221  18.4 7-4 o.6 26.4  Symbols employed in above Tables: S Speech (no Spelling, no Signálang..age).SS Speech and Speffing (no Sign-lang,.age).SSS Speech, Spelling, and Sign-language. 101THE VOLTA REVIEW TABLE V.-SPEECH-TEACHING IN AMERICAN SCHOOLS FOR THE DEAF, MARCH I, 1913 United States CanadaSCHOOLROOM USAGlt 
without reference to outside instruction 
No. of No. ofPer cent Per centPupils Pupils(See diagrams, pp. go and 9'} Diagrams Schoolroom Outside S ........ . . . S .. ........ .. .. . .. . 27 .0 321 38á3o .83545 s........... ss............... .. 
105 S . ...... ... SSS .............. . 
29á3 154 18 .4 Li,ne 7, Total S ......... ... ...... .... . . .. ... . .. . 3846 7496 57á1 475 56.7 SS ..... .... SS . ............... . 223 I.7 66rss......... sss............... . 
5 .0 62 7á4 Line 8, Total SS.. ............................. . 884 6.7 62 7-4 118osss ........ sss............... . 
g.o o.65 Unclassified. SSS......... .. ... . . 
I. I140 1--.10. I o.6Line 9, Total SSS ..................... ..... . 
1320 5 Symbols employed in above Table: S Speech (no Spelling, no Sign-language).SS Speech and Spelling (no Signálanguagl).SSS Speech, Spelling, and Sign-language. EXPLANATION. The statistics in Tables II, III, IV, and V were compiled from replies to the following queries:  Query I.  SPEECH and  (without spelling or sign-language) outside, with......pupils.  used both in the school-room  Query 2.  SPEECH (without spelling or sign-language) used in the school-room; but SPELLING (without sign-language) also used outside in chapel exer.cises, workshop imtruction, etc., with ......pupils.  Query 3á  SPEECH (without spelling or sign-language) used in the school-room; but SPELLING and SIGN-LANGUAGE also used outside in chapel exer.cises, workshop instruction, etc., with ......pupils.  Query 4. SPEECH and SPELLING (without sign-language) used both in the school.room and outside, with ......pupils.  Query 5.  SPEECH and SPELLING (without sign-language) used in the school-room; but SIGN-LANGUAGE also used outside in chapel exercises, work.shop instruction, etc., with......pupils.  Query 6. Query 7:  SPEECH, SPELLING, and SIGN-LANGUAGE used both in the school-room and outside, with......pupils. Number taught ARTICULATION without speech being used as a means of instruction (their general education being carried on by silent meth.ods), ......pupils.  Query 8.  Number taught by silent methods alone, without being taught articulation or speech, ....pupils.  Query g.  Number of pupils in this school March I, I9I2.  Total,  .........pupils.  NOTES (I) School for the Deaf, Tucson, Ariz.: Principal Henry C. White reports as follows: Query 3, 2S; Query 4, 20; Query 6, 2S; Query 8, S; total, 2S; taught speech, 20; not taught speech, s. We have tabulated these returns, to the best of our ability, as follows: Query 6, 20; Query 8, S; total, 2S. Mr. White further remarks : "Your language is too intricate, making the questions look like a Chinese puzzle. There can be no such fast and loose methods in the education of the deaf. "In this case our school is in its first year, and grading of the pupils is difficult. The only safe way in our case is to put every pupil through the áfirst degree' of their education, and that is the oral method. Such pupils as 'semi-mutes' or those with a slight deficiency of hearing will be always educated orally. These are in a class by themselves and numerically smaller, as everybody in the profession ought to know. "Then the others whose speech is limited will be taught articulation and lip-reading and educated orally as far as possible in the 'second degree.' "The rest who have no powers of speech will be taught by the best possible method, and that is the sign language, or the 'third degree' in their education. "It will take another year to grade such pupils properly in this school. "I must say that your use of the phrase 'silent methods' strikes me as a little strange. Is it the antithesis of 'noisy methods'? "It seems to me too much like repetition when you say 'Number taught by silent methods alone, without being taught articulation or speech.' You might as well say 'sour vinegar,' when it is always sour; otherwise it would not be vinegar." (2) Arkansas Deaf-Mute Institute: Isaac B. Gardner writes: "Thirty-eight of our pupils are colored and have no speech teacher.'' (3) Columbia Institution for the Deaf (Gallaudet College and Kendall School): Presi.dent Percival Hall writes: "It is impossible to make these statistics accurate under your forms. For instance, we have a number of students who are being taught partly by means of speech and yet are not being taught speech." (4) Chicago Schools for the Deaf : Miss Mary McCowen reports several changes in the day-schools of this. city. The schools formerly at the Phil Sheridan Public School and the Seward Public School have been transferred to the Parker Practice School. The Clarke Public School class has been removed to the Jirka School during the remodeling of the former building. (S) Ephpheta School for the Deaf, Chicago, Illinois: Annie M. Larkin, Superintendent, reports as follows: "Taught speech, 75; not taught speech, IS ; total, 90. Five-sixths of the pupils are taught by speech and writing. The combined method is used outside of school.room.'' We have therefore classified pupils as: Query 3, 7S; Query 8, IS. (6) Maryland School for the. Colored Blind and Deaf: T. C. Forrester, Resident Prin.cipal, writes : "Four of the I2 pupils reported under Query 8 are in the Industrial Depart.ment only." (7) Saginaw (Michigan) Day-School for the Deaf: Miss Etta E. MacFarlane says : "In addition to the regular course of study, manual training is given to the pupils as follows: Basketry. 9; cooking, 4; sewing, S; gymnastics, 2, in the school gymnasium with hearing classes.' (8) Gallaudet School, St. Louis, Mo.: Rev. James H. Cloud adds: "Query IO, Number of pupils whose education would be retarded if the pure oral method was used, so." (9) New Jersey School for the Deaf (Trenton. N. J.): Superintendent John P. Walker writes: "While all of my teachers, with a single exception. are now trained oral teachers and we are restricting signs to the narrowest possible limits, I notice that there is a little 'acting out' at times everywhere; so, out of deference for the truth, I am obliged to admit 'com.bined mehods.' " (10) Cleveland (Ohio) Day-School for the Deaf: The one pupil returned under Query 4 is deaf-blind. (II) Portland (Oregon) Day-School for the Deaf: Miss Anna Sullivan reports: Query I, 2I ; total, 21. Summary, taught speech, I9; not taught speech, 2. We have therefore corrected the detailed report to read : Query I, I9; Query 8, 2; total 21. (I2) Pennsylvania Oral School for the Deaf, Scranton, Penna. : Kate H. Fish reports all pupils under Query I, but adds : ''We do not forbid signs outside and natural signs are used.'' (I3) Utah School for the Deaf and Blind: Frank M. Driggs reports: Query 3, 93; Query s. I9; Query 7, I ; Query 8, 9 ; total, I I2. Summary, taught speech, I03; not taught speech, 9-In order to make the returns agree with total number of pupils reported, we have reduced number returned under Query 3 to 83. 103THE VOLTA REVIEW ( 14) Austine Institution, Brattleboro, Vt.: Helen G. Throckmorton, Principal, writes: "In addition to the 23 pupils enrolled in the Literary Department, there are two pupils taught domestic science only by special permission of the Board of Directors for this one year. These have been taught by silent methods alone previous to September, 1912. We give no instruction by silent mehods." ( 15) Virginia State School for the Colored Deaf and Blind: The figures returned read: Query 6, 75; Query 8, 75; total, 75. Summary, taught speech, none; not taught speech, 75. We have therefore changed the figures in Query 6 from 75 to zero. ( 16) West Virginia School for the Deaf, Romney, W. Va.: R. Cary Montague, Superin.tendent, reports as follows: Query 3, 44; Query 6, 29; Query 8, 72; total, 145á Summary, taught speech, 72; not taught speech, 73á We have transposed these last two returns to agree with the figures in the detailed report. ( 17) No returns had been received from the following schools up to the time the figures were tabulated : California Institution for the Deaf, Berkeley, Cal.; Immaculate Conception School for the Deaf, St. Louis, Mo.; Northern New York Institution for Deaf-Mutes, Malone, N. Y.; Cincinnati Oral School, Cincinnati, Ohio; Oregon School for the Deaf, Salem, Ore., and Washington School for the Deaf, Vancouver, Wash. We have used the best available figures for these schools as follows: In the first four cases returns compiled from last year's report, and in the last two from the "American Annals of the Deaf," Janu.ary, 1913. (18) Minnesota School for the Deaf: Superintendent ]. H. Tate reported as follows : Query 3, 166; Query 8, 91; total, 276; taught speech, 175; not taught speech. 101. In the tabulated columns we entered the figures given in the detailed report in preference to the summary. A new report received too late for tabulation shows the correct figures as follows : Query 3, 175; Query 8, 101; total, 276; taught speech, 175; not taught speech, 101. C. M. Bardwell, Superintendent Public Schools, Aurora, Ill., reports : "I regret to announce we were obliged to close our Day-School for the Deaf, as we were unable to secure a competent teacher. I am hoping, however, that we may find it possible to open it again in the fall. Our instruction was purely oral, without sign-language." Institution for Feeble-Minded Children, Glenwood, Iowa: Miss Inah A. Strain, formerly of the Iowa School for the Deaf, has organized a class of nine deaf children of this institu.tion and is instructing them in special classes for two hours each day. As these children are all feeble-minded, as well as deaf, we have not included them in the regular columns. The returns given by Miss Strain are as follows: Query 7, 7 pupils ; Query 8, 2 pupils; total, 9 pupils. REPORTS RECEIVED TOO LATE TO BE CLASSIFIED AND TABULATED Northern New York Institution for Deaf-Mutes, Malone, N. Y. : Query I. 34; Query _2, s6; total, 90; taught speech, 90á California Institution for the Deaf and Blind, Berkeley, Cal.: Query 3. 48; Query 6, 72; Query 7, 38 ; Query 8, 39; total, 165; taught speech, 126; not taught speech, 39.LOYALTY OF TEACHERS OF THE DEAF TOWARD EACH 
OTHER AND TOWARD THE CAUSE 
BY CARRIE H. ARCHIBALD, NEW LONDON, WISCONSIN U NDOUBTEDLY, at first thought, most of us would greatly resent the inference that we are not in all ways loyal. But are we? Let us see. Webster defines loyalty as fealty alle.giance, fidelity. Fealty means con~tancy implied in a promise given, allegiance means devotion, and fidelity means faith.fulness or truthfulness. Are we all of these in respect to our cause and each other? Is it not worth while to give this serious thought ? As teachers of the deaf, we form a little class by ourselves, and seem to stand a little closer to each other than any other body of teachers, and for that reason, if for no other, it would seem, we should be steadfastly loyal to one another. But are we? May I ask that, for just a few moments, we turn our magnifying glasses toward ourselves and examine our real, personal attitude. We are all aware that from time to time rumors creep out about this school or that school, this teacher or that teacher, sometimes quite unkindly in their nature, and usually based upon practically noth.ing. What do we do about them? Listen to them and pass them on as a choice bit of "news," or discredit them as we have opportunity? There would seem only one honorable thing to do. As members of one of the grandest professions, we are surely above gossip for gossip's sake. Doubtless we will all readily agree that no good ever comes from repeating a thing of this nature, and often a per.fectly innocent person is greatly injured. Personally I should much rather be ig.norant of such reports, and doubtless most of you feel the same. Years ago I learned a little rule at my mother's knee. I pass it on to you. "If you hear anything good about any one, tell it; if anything bad, forget it." It is so much more pleasant to believe good than evil of any one. "There's so much good in the worst of us And so much bad in the best of us ' It ill behooves any of us, ' To talk about the rest of us." VISITING OTHER SCHOOLS After visiting another school, what do we do? Come away and pick flaws in everything we see, or remember that, in our own school, the days we have com.pany and are especially anxious are often the times our pupils show up to poorest advantage? . What is our object in visiting? If it lS not to better ourselves by gaining in.spiration and new ideas, rather than to prove ourself the superior teacher, then surely our attitude is wrong. Then how frequently we hear about some teacher drawing pupils from some other teacher's school in order to increase her own enrollment. Personally I do ,not believe that any teacher in the schools for the deaf will knowingly do this. Cer.tainly, if she did, she would seem dis.loyal. When such things occur I like to believe they are through mistake. I have had teachers write to parents of pupils that I had in school at the time, but I did not feel that it was necessarily intended as disloyalty to me. After I have spent time and money looking up deaf children, they have sometimes gone to other teachers' schools. These things are not pleasant, but neither are they necessarily disloyal. SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES Do we take advantage of the educa.tional meetings as we have opportunity, or do we use the time given us for this purpose in shopping, visiting, or sight.seeing? I know of a town where, at one time, the school board refused to close schools during the State Teachers' Convention, claiming the teachers simply made it a shopping expedition, and, while THE VOLTA REVIEW 105 th~y came home with plenty of new things to wear, they brought back few new ideas for their work. One educa.tional journal, this fall, in urging teachers to attend the State meeting, remarks that it will be a good opportunity to replenish their wardrobes. Perhaps this is educa.tional loyalty. I leave you to decide. Are we keeping up with the times? Do we read the magazines and journals devoted to our work? Are we keeping our work properly be.fore the public, in order that its real worth may be properly understood? Are we constantly on the lookout for children who should be enrolled with us, in order that the greatest number possible may be benefited? I know of teachers who take time during every summer va.cation to go over their territory seeking out new pupils. School boards, county superintendents, and . hearing teachers may assist us very materially in getting into touch with such children. Lastly, if we oral teachers should fin~ a child who, for good and sufficient rea1 sons, would be better off in a sign school, are we loyal enough to the educational cause to say so, and vice versa? SELFISH OR UNSELFISH AIMS To sum the matter up, what is our chief object? Is it to magnify our own importance, increase our salaries, and se.cure the prominent positions, or is it to carefully, to the best of our ability, train the deaf children that fall to our care, to such end that they may, so far as is possible, become useful, self-supporting citizens of our great commonwealth, until such time as it may seem best to hand them over to some other teacher? Faithful, intelligent work will speak for itself, and we need not worry about the important positions. In the Father's sight one child is as important as another, and it matters not where we work, so long as we do our work well. Fealty, fidelity, allegiance-let us em.body all of these in our attitude toward our cause and each other, and we shall then deserve to be called a band of loyal co-workers. MOVING-PICTURE INDISCRETIONS In a paper on the subject of lip-reading, which recently appeared in the Revue de Psy.chologie, Mlle. Attilia de Perreti tells the fol.lowing story: At a cinematographic exhibition a surgical operation in all its details was rea.listically shown. As the film was rolled out the patient was seen stretched on the table. Then the surgeon came on the scene, knife in hand, ready to open the abdomen. His face was stony in its coolness; not a muscle quiv.ered ; only a slight movement of the lips was perceptible; this seemed to indicate some sternly controlled emotion. There happened, however, to be among the spectators a number of pupils from an institution for the deaf and dumb, and while the other people were thrilled with the fascinating horror of the sight, the children burst out into loud laughter. They had read the meaning of the movements of the surgeon's lips; the supposed twitches of ner.vous tension were interpreted by the deaf.mutes, who read that he was humming to him.self the refrain: On va lui percer le flanc. Rantanplan, plan, plan! Tireli, ran plan! Lest this should be taken as a proof of cal.lousness by any of those malicious persons who lose no opportunity of traducing the pro.fession, we think it well to place beside it a story of a very great soldier, who has never beená accused of inhumanity. It is related that on the morning after a battle in one of our Egyptian campaigns, Lord Wolseley was heard entering the compartment of his tent which he used as an office. He seemed, as was natural after a victory, to be in good spirits, and ap.proaching his working table he took up a pa.per, singing while he read it, to the tune of "So early in the morning'': List of killed and wounded, List of killed and wounded, List of killed and wounded, Ti tum, ti tum, ti tay ! To return to lip-reading, Dr. Berillon, wish.ing to inquire into the truth of the story of the cinematograph, invited M. Baguer, Director of the Seine Institution for Deaf-Mutes, to read a paper on lip-reading before the Societe de Psychotherapie. M. Baguer, by way of ex.periment, sent a number of adult deaf-mute women to a cinematographic exhibition. The result was conclusive; many of them could read words, phrases, and whole sentences on the lips of the actors. The moral which sur.geons who lend themselves to such displays should take to heart is, if their lips move, to be careful of their language.-British Medical Journal. PHONETICALLY WRITTEN STORIES IN THE MELVILLE 
BELl.. SYMBOLS 10101vti)9jt' Ol01000f~3CJJO 1WfOW3[r3UJ813fWf!!M"l (!)}~G)Oii8(!)}~0f801W3 9Jrw)Wf8fWOiMf3fWfC!lfl OU)rfS.J\0 3l:W3 3l:W3 13iW3f~OtWff8J38]rWt8~ t' .4 '\~~~~~"T 'tr O::>JrO UUfO]ra~ MfB1WG)WJOOM11v3DO tWG)WtW.OlOf~OlWO }ltOWfOl9fWJ30tO tOWJtsO 13iW3 Wf1Wfti)fti)0)8 tWG)l.ISfBjt' WtWOl:Mi afwf!!lfl au]rf83Jv01WD 9)013Wf9JG)fUJO f03J~MfO[r8}lWG)C!lfl}lO tWG)f.IS[r.O[rG)W}lt01WOIWOl:Of8 f.S}lOfWJOO JWOf~3CJJO Mf03[r9W Ofonf~ MtOOfOWOiOlWW]r~ JvtOJ09f.Wf3Ci) ::>twtowJtso t.s[roorawfoultS THE VOLTA REVIEW 107 THOUGHTS FROM THE SCHOOL-PAPER EDITORS 
SIMLPIFIED SPELLING AND THE DEAF The Simplified Spelling Board is not taken very seriously among the conservative well.educated class and still less so by the average reader. Perhaps this is due to the natural reluctance to have to learn over again what had been acquired by hard work. Even a ready reader is conscious of an effort to recognize the old words in their simplified jackets. But there is one reason why the deaf who possess the accomplishment of speech, either naturally or acquired, should welcome the movement toward general phonetic spelling. It is because it would be a great advantage to all who are obliged to pronounce words as they are spelled, or rather not as they are spelled, but by arbitrary rules and the diacritical marks over the letters and svllables. In the case of a semi-mute, he usually goes by memory, and gets away all right with words in the vocabulary he used before his depriva.tion. With other words learned since, he has to be careful lest he give the wrong sound and not be understood. For this reason reading stories in phonetic spelling, as those of Ar.temus Ward, of pleasant memory, and Kirk's "Little Bobbie's Pa," will be found a great help by semi-mutes toward improving their pro.nunciation, even if in some instances the sounds are made so broad as to be uncouth, or what might be termed provinciaL-Arkansas Optic. LANGUAGE THROUGH READING There has probably never been as great an amount of interest exhibited in the subject of reading as at the present time. Teachers of all shades of opinion are generally agreed that when once we have succeeded in getting a deaf pupil to read we have, as Dr. Graham Bell puts it, "got him." But just how, or when, this very desirable point may be reached does not appear to have been settled. Some have gone so far as to assert that for the purpose of language teaching reading is all sufficient; that we may, in fact, abandon language lessons altogether. We are perfectly willing to grant that hearing children may, with advantage, dispense with formal language lessons and depend entirely upon reading; we also believe that in the case of the semi-deaf, and the semi-mute even, reading may, with perfect safety, be relied upon for the purpose of acquiring a knowledge of language, but there concession ends. We have no faith whatever in the idea that congenitally deaf children, in a school, simply have to keep on reading and that by-and-by all will come right. In our profession we are very apt to accept any innovation that comes along and hail it as the long-looked-for solution of our difficulties. At one time the Gouin method was going to solve the language problem for all time. A specimen of what we should imagine to be the result of too much Gouin method was quoted in a paper read by a Northampton teacher at the Providence meeting: "Miss --, may I stand up and walk and carry a pitcher and pour some water into the glasses"? The five-slate system, story telling, the Mon.tessori system, and in course of time, reading, each in turn, has been regarded as an "Open Sesame" for some branch of our work, and yet we are still seeking for further inspiratiof\. We have not yet succeeded in making readers of all our pupils. It seems as though we are seeking here and there for our object, and all the while it is, as has been said of the King.dom of Heaven, "within us." It has often been pointed out that as the hearing child learns language through the ear by constant repetition, we should endeavor to give the deaf child a similar language environ.ment, and reading has been recommended as a substitute for this constant repetition. To draw too close an analogy between the con.genitally deaf child and the hearing child, under all conditions, seems to us a mistake. The congenitally deaf child will not alway!> learn language entirely through repetition ; neither will he learn to read books so as to understand them without having been pre.viously started in a suitable course of language lessons. We are apt to overestimate the pow.ers of the immature mind and to credit the child with the reasoning powers of the adult. "It is only with advancing years that it be.comes possible to understand an involved sen.tence, to follow long trains of reasoning, and to hold in one mental grasp numerous concur.rent circumstances." There is not the slightest doubt as to the ultimate success of the pupil whose knowledge of language has brought him to the point of reading, ever so little, with intelligence; but if he has not reached that point, and he reads, as far too many pupils do, mechanically-re.peating or memorizing words without assimi.lating what they represent-mere repetition is useless. We have from time to time encoun.tered pupils of this description. We have seen them actually poring over books; but as to deriving any real profit or pleasure as a result of their exertions, they simply could not. The contents of the books they were reading af.forded them no more interest than did the two books of laws presented to Wouter Van Twiller, who-so the story goes-being called upon to make choice of a set of laws for the government of the New Netherlands, after balancing the two books in his hands, chose the heavier volume. We believe it to be quite within the range of possibility to concentrate and intensify our teaching by the adoption of a method based upon more scientific principles than those at present in vogue, so that we may, to SOJlle ex.tent, make up to the deaf child the effect of constantly repeated language heard and assimi.lated by his normal brother. The deaf child's efforts toward expressing himself in language are frequently retarded by confusion of thought; the hearing child hears and reads a great deal that he does not at the time understand, but by dint of constant repe.tition the meaning gradually dawns uponá his understanding and he readily adopts and as.similates it. He thus, unconsciously, classifies, Miiller-Walle School of Lip-Reading FOR THE DEAF ADULT Eleventh Season Lip-Reading Taught to Adults Replar Course (30 leuona) Conversation Classes and Lectures held for Advanced Pupils. Normal Training Course for Teachers Special Summer Normal Course In response to various demands from teachers of the deaf who wish to introduce this method into their own schools, but who are unable to leave during the winter, a special course will be given again this summer. For information address, Mila MARTHA E. BRUHN, 601 Pierce Bids., Copley Square, Bo.toa, M-. associates, compares, and contrasts ideas and the symbols by which they are represented. It takes him some time to get through the process, but he does it unaided. In the case of the congenitally deaf child, shut off from the sound of the human voice and all that this deprivation implies, the conditions are alto.gether different. In order to compete with his hearing brother with any chance of success, the deaf child must have all these processes of classification, association, comparing, and con.trasting made clear to him by his teachers be.fore they can hope to get him "caught io the wheel-work" of mental machinery, and thus enable him to read with pleasure and profit..Mt. Airy World. Training Class for Teachers The regular session of Mrs. Monro's Summer Class will be held at 518 Pierce Building, Copley Square, Boston, Mass., from June 23 to July 18, inclusive. Address, Mrs. Sarah Jordan Monro, 518 Pierce Building, Copley Square, Boston, Mus. The Teachers' Department Advertisements of the size indicated will be printed in this department of THE VOLTA REVIEW for teachers and schools using the Volta Bureau Teachers' Agency at the rate of $1.00 per iusertion. No obligation to advertise on the part of such persons is implied, for the Volta Bureau Agency will be conducted, as previously, without charge, but this opportunity is offered to those who wish to avail themselves of an additional means of presenting their applications to the profession. Advertisements may be inserted over the real name of the applicant, or a key signature may be used and replies will be handled by the Volta Bureau. TEACHERS WANTED POSITIONS WANTED WANTED an Experienced Oral Teacher. Apply to the Mystic Oral School, Mystic, Conn. The WRIGHT ORAL SCHOOLNos.t,~£;\~~:'.(~r#áwest Eatabtw.ecl iD 1894. JOHN DUTTON WRIGHT. M.A., Principal A select boarding and day school for pupils wholly or partially deaf. Instruction is entirely oral and speech is the only medium of communication. Special attention is paid to developing residual hearing. Twelve teachers are provided for twenty-five pupils. An illustrated catalogue will be sent on request. ASBURY PARK, N. J. Jaly 7-28 (Saturdays ud Saadaya Excepted) 1 1 "The Montessori Method 
and the Teacher of 
the Deaf" 
By Mrs. J. SCOTT ANDER.SON 
Directress, Torresdale House, Torresdale, 
Philadelphia. 
A course of fifteen morning lectures of one and one-half hours each, covering the theory of the Montessori Method and its practical application to the education of the Deaf. Materials freely used. 
Questions. 
Open discussions. 
$20 
Applications should be forwarded to MRS. J. ScOTT ANDERSON, Torresdale House, Torresdale, Philadelphia. Instruction in Lip-Reading 
Private and class lessons in lip.reading to the adult deaf and hard.of-hearing. Frequent conversation classes. Lip-Reading Practice classes in Literature, Art, and Current Events. Normal classes. A limited number of free scholar.ships available. The School is also represented by teachers throughout the United States and sends teachers anywhere on request and guarantee. Ask for Circulmás 't5h~ NewYorkSchoolforthe HardofHearing Edwu. 8. Nitaie, B.A., PriKipal 156 Fifth Ave., New York City THE VOLTA REVIEW. 
An International Journal Devoted to the Deaf in School and Home. 
Published Monthly by the Volta Bureau for the Increase and 
Diffusion of Knowledge Relating to the Deaf. 
35th Street and Volta Place, WasblnJtton, D. C. Editor, ERNEST GREGORY 
Chairman Publication Committee, ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL, Washington, D. C. 
Contributing Editors 
MABEL E. ADAMS, Boston, Mass.  G. HunsoN-MAKUEN, Philadelphia, Pa.  TUNIS V ¥ .ARcHER, Austin, Texas.  RICHARD 0. JoHNSON, Indianapolis, Ind.  F. W. BOOTH, Omaha, Nebr.  ]As. Kl;;RR LoVE, Glasgow, Scotland.  MARTHA E. BRUHN, Boston, Mass.  EDWARD B. NITCHIE, New York City.  A. L . . E. CROUTER, Mt. Airy, Pa.  YvoNNE PITROIS, Le Mans, Sarthe, France.  GIULIO FERRERI, Milan, Italy.  P. RooRDA, Groningen, Holland.  ANDERS HANSEN, Nyborg, Denmark.  A. J . STORY, Stoke-on-Trent, England.  JoHN D. WRIGHT, New York City. Subscription price, $2.00 per year ; single copies, 20 cents. THE VoLTA REVIEW is also sent to all members of the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf. Entered as second-class matter February 25, 1913, at the Post-office at Washing.ton, D. C., under the Act of August 24, I9I2. THE VOLTA REVIEW, VOLTA BUREAU, WASHINGTON, D. C. ( Enclosed find two dollars ($2.00), for which please send me the "Volta R.eview" for one year, beginning with the........................................issue. NAME.. ..................................... .............................................................. . 
ADDRESS ........................................................................................... . 
Date............................................................ . 
Unless otherwise requested, all subscriptions will be started with the current issue at time of application. A CONDENSED UST OF PUBUCATIONS OF THE VOLTA BUREAU PRICE LIST REVISED Discounts of 10 per cent to all teachers, 25 per cent to members A. A. P. T. S. D. and to the trade when cash accompanies the order SELECTED WORKS OF PROF. A. MELVILLE BELL Bell's Popular Shorthand, American Version. Second edition. A. M. Bell. Svo., pp. 16. Paper. 10 cts. Class Primer of English Visible Speech. For communicating the exact pronunciation of the Ianá guage to natives or foreign learners, and for teachá ing children and illiterate adults to read in a few days. A. M. Bell. 4to, pp. S. to cts. Elliptical Steno-Phonography; on the basis of the Universal Line Alphabet, applicable to all Ianá guages, and fully developed for English. Adapted for popular use. A. M. Bell. Svo., pp. 16. Paper. 10 cts. English Reporting Steno-Phonography; on the basis of the Universal Line Alphabet. Adapted for practical writers of elliptical stenoáphonography. A. M. Bell. 16 pages. Pape~ sV. x SJ4. to cts. English Vernacular and Orthoepic Line-writing; on the basis of the Universal Line Alphabet. Adapted for use in schools. A. M. Bell. 12 pages. Paper, sV. X sv.. 10 cts. English Visible Speech in I2 Lessons. A. M. Bell. Third edition. t6mo., pp. So. Boards. so cts.; also German and Italian editions. Essays and Postscript on Elocution. A. M. Bell. t6mo., pp. 212. Cloth. $1.00. Facial Speech-reading and Articulation Teach.ing. A. M. Bell. Second edition. t6mo., pp. 391 Paper. 25 cts. Faults of Speech. A self-corrector and Teach.ers' Manual. A. M. Bell. Fifth edition. t6mo., pp. 71. Cloth. so cts. Letters and Sounds: An Exposition of the Principles of Visible Speech. A. M. Bell. Paper, tS x 24-to cts. Notations in Elocutionary Teaching. A. M. Bell. 19 pages. Paper, 4V. x 7 V,. to cts. Phonetic Syllabication: The Cure for Oratori.cal and Other Defects of Speech. A. M. Bell. 25 pages. Paper, 4l4 x 7l4. to cts. Popular Manual of Vocal Physiology and Visi.ble Speech. A. M. Bell. Third edition. t6mo., pp. 59á Boards. so cts. Principles of Elocution, with Exercises and Notations. A. M. Bell. Seventh edition. Svo., pp. 240á $1.50á Science of Speech. A. M. Bell. r6mo., pp. s6. Boards. so cts. Sermon Reading and Memoriter Delivery. A. M. Bell. Third edition. 3S pp. Paper, 4V. x 7 V,. 15 cts. Sounds of R, The. A. M. Bell. 17 pages. Paper, 4l4 x 7J4. 10 cts. Speech Tones. A. M. Bell. 18 pages. Paper, 4V. x 7l/,. to cts. Syllabic 	Consonants, Note on. A. M. Bell. S pages. Paper, 4l4 x 7V. . 10 cts. Universal Line-writing; on the basis of Visible Speech. A. M. Bell. 12 pages. . Paper, 5V, x S Y,. 10 cts. Universal Line-writing and Steno-Phonogra.phy; on the basis of Visible Speech. In five secá tions: 1. English Line-writing. 2. Universal Lineá writing. 3á Line Alphabet for the Blind. 4-Elá liptical StenoáPhonography. 5á English Reporting StenoáPhonography. A. M. Bell. 64 pages. Paá per, sV. x S V,. 3S cts. Visible Speech: The Science of Universal Al.phabetics, or Self-interpreting Physiological Letters for the Writing of All Languages in One Alphabet. Illustrated by tables, diagrams, and examples. A. M. Bell. Inaugural edition. ISS pages, mcluding 20 fullápage plates. Cloth, 7V. x IoV.. $2.00. World-English, the Universal Language. A. M. Bell. Second edition. Svo., pp. 20. Paper. Io cts. MISCELLANEOUS PUBLICATIONS American Institutions for the Education of the Deaf. A translation from the Italian. G. Ferreri. Svo., pp. ¥S9á Cloth. $t.2S. Dumb No Longer; the Romance of the Tele.phone. Illustrated. Fred De Land. Svo., pp. 2Ss. Cloth. $t.oo. Facial Speech-reading. Hermann Gutzmann. Svo., pp. 4'á Paper. 20 cts. Histories of American Schools for the Deaf. Svo., 3 vols. Cloth. Illustrated. The set, $3.00. Marriages of the Deaf in America. E. A. Fay.Svo., pp. s2S. Cloth. $2.oo. Mechanism of Speech. Lectures delivered be.fore the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf, to which is apá pended a faper on vowel theories. Alexander Graham Bel , LL. D. Second edition. Svo., pp. xv and I33á $1.20. Method of Teaching Language to a Very Young Congenitally Deaf Child. Alexander Graham Bell, LL. D. Svo., pp. I6. Paper. Rare. 20 cts. Physiology of the Blind: The Vicariate of the Senses. M. Kunz. Translated from the German. Svo., pp. 31. Paper. 2S cts. Proceedings of Summer Meetings American Association to Promote the Teachinl{ of Speech to the Deaf. so cts. each, net. Specral booklet on request. Raindrop, The. A Collection of Wonder Tales for Young People. Second edition, revised and ilá lustrated. 4to, pp. 430. Cloth. 72.00. Some Suggestions About Lip-reading; by Mary Davis Jones. Mirror Practice as an Aid to Lipáreading; by Mildred Kennedy. Svo., pp. IS. Paá per. IS cts. Stories and Rhymes in Melville Bell Symbols. Illustrated. Compiled and edited by Rebecca E. Sparrow. Volta Bureau. Svo., pp. ISSá $I.oo. Teaching Deaf Children Language During the Early Period of School Life. Lydia Roe. Svo., pp. So. Cloth. 6o cts. The American Association to Promote the Teaching of 
Speech to the Deaf 
President, CAROLINE A. YALE, Northampton, Mass. 
First Vice-President, EDMUND LYON, Rochester, N. Y. 
Second Vice-President, DAVID G. FAIRCHILD, Washington, D. C. 
Official Secretary, Z. F. WESTERVELT, 945 N. St. Paul St., Rochester, N. Y. 
General Secretary, ERNEST GREGORY, Volta Bureau, 35th Street and Volta Place, 
Washington, D. C. 
Treasurer, FREDERICK EICHELBERGER, Washington Loan and Trust Co., Washington, D. C. 
Chairman Publication Committee, ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL, Washington, D. C. 
Directors. 
(TERMS txP!RE i913.) 
DAVID G. FAIRCHILD, RICHARD 0. ]OHNSON, EDMUND LYON, ]OB WILLIAMS, 
CAROLINE A. YAU. 
(TERMS EXPIRE I9I4.) 
SARAH FuLLER, E. McKAY GooDWIN, E. A. GRUVER, E. G. HURD, Z. F. WEsTERvtLT. 
(T.ERMS EXPIRE I9I5.) 
HARRIS TAYLOk, A. L. E. CRouTER, G. H. GRosvtNOR, W . B. MAsON, MARY McCowEN. 
Advisory Committee. 
Chairman, ALEXANDER GRAHAM BJU.L, Washington, D. C. 
B. ST. Jo~N AcKERS, Gloucester, Eng. MARTIN H. HOLT, Oakridge, N. C. 
Mrs. A. l;. BJU.L, Washington, D. C. Mrs. A. T. MILLS, Chefoo, China. 
RICHARD Eu.IOTT, Ramsgate, England. HARRitT B. ROGERS, N. Billerica, Mass. 
MARY S. GARRtTT, Philadelphia, Pa. RoBERT C. SPENCER, Milwaukee, Wis. 
SusANNA E. HuLL, Bexley, Kent, Eng. MARY H . TRUE, Bethel, Me. 
S. WEssruus, Grand Rapids, Mich. The Association welcomes to its membership all persons who desire to promote the teaching of speech to the deaf. Membership dues, $2.00 a year, with no entrance fee. Life membership, $50.00. Persons desiring to become members should apply to Ernest Gregory, General Secretary of the Association, 35th Street and Volta Place, Washing.ton, D. C., enclosing their membership fee. THE VoLTA REVIEW, an international monthly magazine devoted to the deaf in school and home, is sent to all members. ------á-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------.1\ppltratinn fnr Sltmbtrslytp To THE GENERAL SECRETARY, 
VOLTA BUREAU, WASHINGTON, D. C.: 
I desire to become a member of the American Association to Promote the Teaching of Speech to the Deaf, and inclose Two Dollars in payment of dues for one year. NAME........................................................................ .............................. . 
ADDRESS...................................... ..................................................... . 
Date.............................................................. 
